Dense working hours many days
Management, lack of leadership, personal relations
derably above average starting salary for new graduates
Working with many highly capable and intellectual individuals
High learning curve for first couple of years
Sometimes too repetitive tasks assigned
Overtimes can be too frequent
Too many layers of hierarchy 
Long project execution times
Management is old school. You can feel the hierarchy and lots of politics. You have to work to work. It is tough to get a car just to go to meetings in a different location. 
Tools used can be very old or very new. How you feel in the company depends a lot on your manager and director. Some people are very happy and do little amount of work, while others are doing 70 hours a week.
Learn to differentiate generations. Learn to inspire and motivate. Think outside the box.
Lots of dinosaurs
Even though the salary is good for young engineers, it is not satisfying for seniors
High stress but with major Rewards
Keep the structure consistent throughout the process
Hierarchy, lack of competition in the industry
there is nothing to say for cons
Too much hierarchy, projects can be too long
Mediocre upper management and work engagement
less growth, HR policies not good
Should care employees
long hours sometimes but its amazing
Hard work, long hours, tight timings
Mechanic, Electronic, Software design are available in Aselsan
Not as agile for a technology company
May be better salary given
Not have too much oppurtunity to improve your skills.
Very far from city center
I learned so many goo things
42.5H working hour per week
15 days vacation per year
wearing mask all day during covid pandemic and no remote work
none cons experienced yet. It is all good
the lunch is not good and cold
Sometimes the workflow is going really slow.
There are so many untalented newbies who are only recruited according to their (quite inflated) CGPA from (expensive) private universities without relevant professional experience and that problem causes us to extend most of the design project deadlines.
Instead of just ranking the newbies according to their grade point of average, HR should pay more attention to graduates' knowledge and skills related to field.
Sectoral processes are too slow due to the nature of the job
Inadequate Covid19 Precautions, No RemoteWorking Option,Not Enough Supervising(Sometimes), Not Enough Career Planning Procedure
Little to no project management
Most of the jobs are for knowledge transfer
Lack of interest and communication from high level management to employees
too much work and bad planning
Stable work environment, carrier planning is not very well
Unfair promotion system, bad managers, unreliable people etc.
stressful environment, no work life balance
The campus is far from the city center.
Quality of the enviroment strongly depend on the teams and leaders. There are many unqualified team leaders which dramaticaly decreases the technical satisfaction.
Choose team leaders among people who have strong bacground in corresponding areas.
slow process, bad location and buildings
Nothing in particular to say.
Stressful project calendars in some terms
cumbersome company in several fields
Monotones. The award system does not work fair.
Not enough time for R&D
Hierarchy, Low chances of career opportunities
bureaucratic, slow work flows, overcrowded old facilities
Not much career making opportunity
as far as I saw, there was some technicians that made our job struggling, I didnt llike how they do their jobs
there is no downside of working here
Upper management sucks, deadlines are not real, unnecessary pressure
does not pay attention to professional development,
Bulky firm, cannot make quick decisions.
Not so many training opportunities
difficulties for promotion, not social
Far away from city, not enough vacation days
you won't get fired no matter how bad engineer you are, too long project times, no cutting edge tech required.
High work load
High product versatility
Far away from the city center, people usually have to travel between 20km to 50km (for some office locations).
depends on where you are
Not a dair company, political problems
nothing to say negative about that
so much crowded that you can not reathe
Meal quality, Far from the city
Improvement, less educated managers, crowded
Change is important
Stressed and unfriendly environment, close working spaces
Could be stressful
Limited way up in terms of career
Long Working Hours (42.5 pw) , Some facilities are far away from the main residential areas, which adds extra traveling time apart from long working hours. Your effective working hours become more than 50pw
Start to work at 7:30 am., which means many ppl get up around 6:006:30 am. 
Some employees are employeed because they are referred by some upper or lower level politicians or bureaucrats.
Shorten the working hours to 37.5 pw, start working later. You can see increasing efficiency
Work life balance
Political pressure
Overworking hours
Products for civil usage
You have to watch out for worklife balance
No computer to software internees
Unequal workload among employees
Unjust performance reviews
Closely check the employees’ performance and grade/review them accordingly
Ankara is not a good place to live. The salary is average.
Bad location, slow dynamics and hars procedure
tight schedules, customer pressure, high workload
Early in the morning, everything is in military order
life work balance, overload of employees
Away from hometown, take long times for promotion.
Sometimes, it can be stressful.
Security priorities
Limited internet access
Military deduction
Too much work in the company
Educated people; however, their emotional intelligencr is really low.
Check the managers attitude to employees.
Too far away from city center and too early starting hours, at 7:30 you need to be there unless you drive with your own car. No work from home option
Inefficiency
Poor testing process
Office politics
Bad management
undergoing changes due to new management
Management can be changed suddenly , this can effect the performance of employees. Our company is improving very fast technically but for organization we have facing some manging problems.
More communication with the employees.
Unplanned work load, bad managers,
Hard to follow a long term career path
Health insurance should be improved
Change smt
Slow and high buerocracy. Hard to implement out of the box ideas.
Reform
Performance evaluation system
Unfair work/benefit distribution
Poor management, too much hierarchy
Not optimal management, location is bad
Not a place for Mech.Eng. 
Electronics discipline is #1 rank.
Takes time to reach
Startung to work at 07:30 am
not planned activites, no plans at all, strict deadlines, low fare
Far from home, unclear job definition
lack of role definition, lack of fair performance assesments, inexprerienced executives
Not very good worklife balance.
Not a great place for an intern, they do not much care about interns
Nothing to do as an engineer.
Quit already
Old ideologies especially on software development.
Campus far away from downtown.
Meetings may lengthen to unacceptable intervals, may require too much extra work hours
too much meetings and long extra work
Some departments work too much overtime
too many stupid bureaucracy things happen
processes are very slow
there are many "lazy" engineers who pretends to be very busy.
if you face to a non technical engineer in a project, they make you discover America again.
Long working hours, difficult promotion among the best engineers in Turkey
Ineffective performance assessment and inflexible career opportunties.
Mandatory overtime, location, crowded environment, noise
Find the right person for the right job
Low wage increase, conservative, annual leave
incompatibility of management and work structure
I believe that it can be managed more efficiently and motivously
Too much work, no social life
Vast Company, Project Management, Resource Management are problematic. Affected from the current political situation
Bad food, bad overall management in terms of promotion , tons of money waisted on unnecessary things. Have some practices demotivates people
Adjust performance reviews, listen to employees, don't be afraid of change regarding personnel not budget
Ankara is very big but boring city. You need to discover beautiful cities around Ankara
Some organizational uncertainties and inconsistancies
Ambigious carreer path
Tight deadlines
Subjective performance evaluation
No advice for the time being
High formal environment for employees
HR department is not helpful, if you have good references everybody behaves you good regardless of your performance (and also you get higher scores on personnel evaluation)
Too much prosedure for job
Be a leader
Slackers in workplace and sometimes unreasonable expectations from management
Facility Far from city center
Too many diverse projects to work on
Overload working, not fair performance evaluation system
Nothing new to say that the management is not aware
No clear career path
Exceptional work may not be recognized
Highly variant experience depending on which team you work in
Though people to work with
Bad place for self improvement
Became more and more government oriented each day
Choosing CEO and CTO same person is a bad idea...
Promotions dont depend on how hard you work. It depends on the time only. Your hard work will not be appreciated.
Politic's preassures should stay out of the door. Engineers need a healty enviroment to design and improve the quality. If it continues like this, more and more people will leave the company.
Overworking is not everything. People need social life, too. Managers do not know how to motivate engineers.
Mostly surrounded by old mental people
You can always do the similar jobs, all of the projects is very longtermed.
few side benefits
few training and personal development opportunities
may be forgotten in a desk for years or may work 60 hours a week
do a performance review, don't walk around it.
Carrier path and project Management
Dont change carrier path progression to the worse
While there are some opportunities outside Turkey, Aselsan's biggest customer is the Turkish army. As such, if you are looking for an international career, you should consider other firms  potentially outside defense industry and Turkey.
Humble advise  the management should establish a culture where employees can more actively contribute to the decision making process with more empowerment. In the firm, upward delegation is the norm and this is demotivating some highly qualified employees of the firm.
Sometimes they don't value the new ideas of their employees
not having clearly defined career paths
Poor management side
Extremely short project time
Lots of pressure as the project comes to end
Strong hierarchy and limited career options
360 degree performance evaluation for all levels
Worst managers. They are assigned not with experience or loyalty. They dont know the work, or dont know how to manage the staff they have. For seniors it can be hell. You have a manager, director, head of business line and head of sector as managers that you are directly in contact with. So you dont know whom to report.
Stop such assignments. You spoiled everything in 2014.
Lack of clear future business plans. Lack of good performance management.
Better monitoring of productivity, performance of employees and clear businesstechnology plans for future.
Ignorant Managers & Team Leaders
Paperwork
Lunch is not very good
Far from city center
Recurring job
Monotonous/Static work experience
Salary decrease in future career plan
Reduce stress on employees with using social skills
Create career opportunities
Stagnated work environment, few challenges
New plant is a bit far away from the city center and work hours begin earlier than regular working hours.
salary, out of town, benefits
Pretty inefficient management
Unnecessary overtime
Insufficient social opportunities just because of its location (Ankar
human relationships are awful. full of unrespectful people.
no opportunity for career. meals are not good
Establishment far from city center.
Career path is limited and self improvement is highly improbable. People are not given individual importance , but considered replacable units.
Give importance to individuals also, not see them replacable units
being a big company, you may find it cumbersome and too bureaucratic, especially when it comes to changing the way to do business
Promotion never happens 
Rise on salary is not compatible with the real economy changes yearly 
Very high resistance to work and take initiatives 
You want to race in a triathlon however there are a lot of issues that put weight on you, brake you, prevent you from doing so
Do not get affected from politics that much. Decide whether the company is pure bureaucratics or technical. Take better care of your R&D engineers
not cooperative teams, not innovative, limited personal development
Less benefit options (no company car, phone before director positions)
Offered personal and technical training s are insufficient
Continue to focus on R&D
Try to make activities to make more innovative environment (personals at lower positions have a lot of innovative ideas but they are being lost while going to upper management)
Slow promotion, far from city centre
Thick bureaucracy, very high inertia, slow moving, low chance of career advancement, very bad performance evaluation system, hostile environment for high performers
Get a better performance evaluation system. Upper management should talk to technical people more frequently.
Performance evaluation system is getting worse, career path is not satisfying, HR system could not meet the needs of such a big company
place, buildings, management of interdisciplinary works
management of interdisciplinary works
Career opportunities are limited. There is a strict hierqrchical rules.
There is no other opportunity in Turkey.
Too much pressure on employers
The management is the worst I have seen. Even small startups are better managed. Personal relations with the managers are way more important than the performances.
worklife balanace is bad, the distance is long.
The country it is based on.
The internal evaluation process is far behind the other tech companies.
It will be useful to take a professional help for employee evaluation and grow up the human resources for this purpose.
unorganised, lifework balance is not good
be better organised
stressed time depended projects, extra work but not extra slary.
Starts at 7.30 am, no chance to improve yourself, hierarchy, long projects, human resources very bad
Improve human resources
Working hours should be well planned.
Working environment without from fresh air and sunlight , slow decision making process (due to big size of the company), feeling worthless (due to big size of the company)
You have to enhance work environment and make employees to feel more valuable
too crowded. too much intern
No extra payment for overtime work.
Rather far from city center.
No rutine health checks
Rather limited sports facilities
Meals not so good.
Improve work life balance for employees
unrealistic project planning
career growth is limited
frequent reorganisations and changes in payment system
Bad career planning and bad high level management
Political moping and pressure. Flexible hours are allowed by showing favoritism
You should not manage the company like it belongs to your father. Be professional, and honest!
no downside about the company
no advice for the management
1 Overbureaucracy within all company internal processes
2Lack of practical Human Resources policies
3Lack of competitive environment
Too much stress, too tight deadlines, too much projects, no worklife balance, too much overtime, hard to get promotion (mostly based on length of employment), poor perf reviews, teams dont cooperate, team leads with high ego compete with each other, no opportunity to grow/learn new techs.
Have projects/work more organized, encourage cooperation of teams. Several design teams are working on similar projects without any cooperation.
not agile, responding to technological changes slowly, does not provide any official traning
should be more ambitious and motivating
Just looking your CPGA grade
Managers expect you to work more and more, also overwork. The only parameter for ranking up is if you are good with your manager and you do overwork too much.
Listen to your employees. Do not force them for overwork. Please consider that they have some personal lives. Thats it.
slow promotions
bureaucracy
same type of work tasks
Some of the campuses are very far from the city. Some jobs require dealing with a lot of documentation due to company policy.
The management could use more innovative approach towards some lower ranked working staff. Otherwise everything is already fine with the current state of the company.
No time or oppurtunity to specialize at a certain topic deeply. Work is not appreciated enough. Passing of knowledge and experience is not common.
Lots of paperwork, incompetent management
Promotion and progress procedure is too slow.
No performance based upgrading, deep dive experience, low diversity of professional careers
Not enough education opportunities. No professional planning. Plans are always done again. Everything is postponed. Some people have high egos they ruin the team work. Managers do nothing for this.
The managers don't appreciate. No fair evaluation of performance. When they define a work they don't know the duration it will take.
Career opportunities are poor, the plant is good but the city is boring. Over time work is expected most of the time. Poor work life balance.
Design and R & D engineers should be valued more. Management should be more professional and flexible. Hierarchy should be decreased.
No carrier development opportunities or structured promotion / raise alternatives. Sector is slow and easy to get bored. Different approaches to grad programs from university even everybody doing the same job
Change the management style.
Bureaucracy is overwhelming. Management's culture is somehow inherited from army since it is a army affiliated company, it is no surprise. 
Careerwise as a software engineer, your exposure to the new technologies is limited and depends on the project that you work on. 
It is a good paying comfort zone for most of the people, for most people it becomes a 9 to 5 job, people lose their ambitions etc. After working 34 years here, then landing a better paying competitive job becomes impossible, because:
Aselsan pays software engineers way above the market average
After working 34 years in Aselsan, most of the software engineer's skilset might become very outdated, especially if they are not working on the side projects.
Focus on Innovation, you guys hire the most talented engineers, use them with their full potential.
less attention to interns, not well organized in all departments
well programmed internship periods, not limit to summer internships
distance to city center, no rewards, no punishments, inadequate management, lack of competition
No HR, no IT support.
None
The amount of education opportunuties abroad is not enough, needs more organizations for interaction of employees such as social events , or clubs within company.
There is not a specific disadvantage within this company.
Early starting hour. Congested work in some periods. Worth to be inside.
Field of operations are very limited, no distinction between employees accordig to performance
distance 
promotion becomes at higher levels.
Good place to work in Ankara
unqualified managers, extremely bad human resource department
Too much paper work. There is a pointless rivalry between sectors. I know people working on the very same work but hiding from each other. Long projects may be boring.
Salary above country standards etc
buen ambiente y tiempo laborables
Engineering opportunities, facility, big projects
nan
Perfect environment for engineering
Good for new grads
Cutting edge tech
Good intelligent people to work with. Free Lunch, and dinner if you stay overtime. Prestigious company to be in since everyone knows this technology firm. Some groups get good training, it depends a lot on your manager
Friendly working environment
You can learn a lot from senior engineers
Arguably the best R&D company in Turkey
Good Compensation Plan strong support staff opportunity to grow
Salarry, Transportation, Lunch, Medical insurance
Transportation, lunch, medical insurance, paid leave, kindergarten support
good salary and support for higher education while working fulltime
Compensation and work life balance
good salary, good standard.over all good
fast pace, live, happy enviroment
Friendly, quick pace, lovely, growth
Many disciplines are involved in Aselsan
Hires talented engineers in Turkey
Good company, i love it
Good Salary
Flexible Work Hours
Complex Systems
Decent salary and bonuses. Best in Ankara.
it was an amazing exprience
flexible working hours(with the approval of the manager)
nice working environment, good location
nice salary and good environment people are helpful
Cares about its employees. Organizational structure is really good.
They have shuttles that goes almost everywhere in the city and their meals are delicious.
Salary, Benefits, Job Description, Working environment
High Salary, Moderate Working Hours, Strong Fringe Benefits, Strong Support for Graduate Studies, Engineering Satisfaction
Simple work load
Good enough salary
Wide range of interests
open minded young and dynamic staff
Good working hours, good salary
Salary, working in R&D, free lunch and transportation.
meaningful job, technical challenges to grow the career
The company has wide working areas in Electronics. It is one of the most desired company in Turkey.
Large scaled projects are satisfying and educative. 
Competitive salary.
Good sallary and flexible work hours
Largest company in the country
Huge variety of technical facilities
good company to work in Turkey
Instutative company. The conditions are one of the best at Ankara.
Friendship improvement Salary Good for beginners Large company
Bonus, staff service, lunch etc.
Exciting projects, talented engineers, flexible working hours, self development opportunities
Good place to improve yourself
the best thing is that It's the highest paying company in Turkey
The biggest defence industry company in Turkey
They give the best salary in the country
Salary, fringe benefits, corporate environment
Good salary for TR, big company.
Good worklife balance, good environment
higher salaries, working hours, people you work with
Great workplace, team work, great people
Very good salary, corporate company, you won't get fired no matter how bad engineer you are.
Good salary
Technical satisfaction
Talented team
Good research possibilities
Friendly work environment, flexible working hours and good salary.
you can have many training courses
Competitive Salary in Ankara, good
projects, coding, salary, nice place
good salary in turkey conditions
Good salary, Service, Good referance for the future
Salary, working hours, location, reputation
Great salary, great deals with restaurantshotelsgyms
Good Salary
Job security
Working with bright people
Very good salary
Some projects are impressive and you can learn a lot
Highsalary jobs
Work satisfication
High technology products
Great opportunity for self development, education and experience. You have the chance to experience all fields in HR, great benefit package, satisfactory salary
High tech company
Long term projects
Salary
Flexible working hours
Kindergarden for the women employees’ children
It offers very good community, stateoftheart technology. It has a Metro access.
Good salary, challenging projects, reputation
Good team, big projects, best health benefits, high salary, good kindergarten for moms
Salary
Wealthy lunch
Free transportation
Relaxed atmosphere(beard, relaxed outfit, long hair etc)
good company culture, challenging, good technical personel
Salaries compared with other related, reputation
It has flexible working hours.
Good to grow
Support for academic studies
Creating the leading technology
High Salary for junior engineers
Working time is regular, unlike thr most place in Turkey, it is 40 hours.
Best place to work in Ankara for Electronics Engineers and Mechanical Engineers.
And a good place to work for Software Engineers if you choose a software heavy department.
Very good salary compared to salaries in Ankara.
Trustworthy employer/company with a good reputation
Good place for learning software or hardware engineering after graduation
Higher salary compared to other local companies
good tradition, friendly environment, good labs
One of the best in Turkey. You have a chance to improve yourself.
I am in contact with outdoors companies and have a chance to work internationally.
Wage, education support, transportation, working hours
You can have your money in time.
Salary is really good in its area
Opportunity to learn. Knows to grow research staff.
Health Insurance
SemiFlexible working hours
Free service bus from all parts of the city
Great colleagues, many benefits such as healthcare, lunches
Good pay, great work&life balance
Many extra benefits, Good wage, Flexible hours,
Flexible working hours, nice colleagues
Courses, good salary, long vacation
good environment, high technology, supports masters and phds
High salary, reliable employer,lunch and breakfast
Satisfying salary, transportation benefits, good lunch
Pays are higher than local average.
Having the opportunity to work with good engineers
You would have too much free time
Salary above standards Friendly environment
Infinite resources for learning. All kinds of engineering disciplines are employed.
Professional evolution opportunity, good for amateur spirited, have valuable manufacturing facilities
Exciting work and problems helps in being expert
Salary, side benefits such as transportation, food and etc.
if you work in a technical department, you have the chance to improve yourself.
students are encouraged to have their MSc degree
Salary, many different projects, wellqualified personnel, elite brand
Good worklife balance and culture.
Good pay, friendly people, health insurance
Salary, working hours, service, food
I work here because I believe I can improve myself
They support academic life , good salary
Above average salary, highly flexible
Salary is above average, flexible working hours, if you have good manager you will be very relax in working environment (no stress, etc.)
Macunköy location is very good. You don't pay for lunch and transportation.
Good salary, easy transportation, health care, small fitness center etc.
Competitive salary
Research and development oriented
Social and healthcare benefits
Corporate firm and working in defense industry
Salary, good facilities, health insurance, transportation and lunch services
I want to do my best
Great oppurtunities in terms of self development
A chance to improve in a big scale company.
Good engineering environment, learn a lot of staff
High technology work, qualified team, good environment
Job security
Good worklife balance
big company with big projects
Good salary
Confortable working environment
Shuttle
Good Lunch
You can work with advanced tools and the newest ICs on the market
There are not any other companies that engineers can really design something in Turkey.
Corporate firm, comparingly high salary
Colloborative environment, friendly coworkers, R&D opportunity, good work&life balance
high salary when compared to the other players of the sector
variety of hightech projects you can work on
free lunch and shuttle services
health insurance packages
Good pay, flexible working hours, launch and transportation by company
If you are a Turkish national and enthusiastic to contribute to the growing defense industry of the Turkish nation, Aselsan is a great company to work for. You will benefit from significant funds to develop new products and you might as well be staffed on projects outside the nation  potentially in the Middle East Region.
Friendly work environment
Flexible working hours
excellent working conditions, place to be
Competitive salary
Flexible working hours
Great health insurance
Lots of talented enginers that will guide you
Improving handson engineering skills
Young and talented workforce
very good company for the youngs. Can learn lots of things about R&D. good salary with respect to Turkish avarage. Good working environment.
Nice environment, good collaboration, higher than average salaries, nice research environment, support for graduate education.
Well payment
Good Organizational Structure
Health Insurance,
Bus Services
Free Lunch
The highest technology in Turkey
Supporting educational activities
Peaceful working environment
Good start with high salary respect to beginner situation
Kindergarten 
Relax worktime
Good additional benefits for employees
One of the best engineering companies in Turkey to work for.
New stuff to work on
Competitive salary
Friendly environment
Gooddesigned future career path
good salary, flexible working hours, not much pressure on employees
service, health insurance,salary,chance to improve yourself
Pioneer engineering with no worries of political pressure, brilliant collagues, working for motherland with pride, high salaries.
Provides significantly more than nation average with normal working hours. Vacations are also good, you can use 23 weeks a year
chance to work in various and high tech system development projects
Salary is higher compared to others. Health insurance
good salary and benefits, good projects
Flexible work hours
Smart people to work with
R&D focused products
Competitive salary
Different carrier options
Solid job security
Private health insurance plans
Gym at side
Paid transportation
Paid launch
Big company, Good Work/ Life balance
Rocksolid job security, fair salary ranges
Salaries are above the average compared to other hightech companies in Ankara, free lunch, free transportation and free medical insurance are offered
salary, working hours, people, management
You can earn really enough miney with respect to Ankara conditions.
Aselsan is the company, I have the opportunity to do what I do best in Turkey.
High salary when compared to other firms in Turkey
Salary and bonus every three months are very good. In addition unless you have done something unethical there is no way to be dismissed from the job.
good conditions, good salary, company culture is good
Challenging application of technology on products. Good place to develop engineering skills.
The projects are challenging. The company culture is friendly.
smart people, compatitive salary and benefits, well known respectable company
free transportation, free lunch, flexible time, good salary
Ends at 4.30 pm, travelling, lunch, not so stressful
Good company to for research and development
salary, friendly working environment, qualified people, encourage employee to have MSc and PhD, good reputation on defense industry, flexible work time
good place for engineers. good managers
Working with well educated people.
Comfortable working environment.
Transportation to and from work are free.
Average salaries compared to other companies
friendly colleagues
diverse engineering fields
good working environment
Big, innovative, visionary, kindergarden for mothers, healtinsurance
high technology projects, good salary
Best and greatest engineering company in Turkey regarding the benefits.
very good working environment when colleagues are concerned
1 Turkey's leading defence industry company
2 Significantly better wage policies compared to Turkey's average.
3One of the most reputable companies to get involved in.
4Always hires most qualified employees
5In the first 100 prestigious defence industry company all around the world. (ranked 62th at Defence News in 2016)
6Closely linked to Turkish Armed Forces, pursuing most important projects for Turkish Army
7Huge reputation around Middle East Countries.
Above average salary, transportation, lunch, flexible work hours for engineers, medical insurance, OK to work and study (masters/phd), good for new grads.
dealing with cutting edge technological problems
The best company in electronics
In aselsan you will probably have a good salary, and in some departments, you can expect research and development activities to some degree.
decent job
fair salary
company culture
relationships of team
Great working environment with very challenging and smart people around you. The salary is very competitive considered to relative fields.
Broad spectrum of work, always learning new things. Work is challenging most of the time. Equipment and software is up to date.
Good salary, flexible working hours, longterm contract
Working conditions are the best for newly graduated engineers. ASELSAN is a great company on defense industry.
Best salary, best additional opportunities, best campus
It's maybe the best company to work for in this city. They will not fire you because of your performance. Maybe the best salary in Ankara for the first 10 year. Very good lunch meal. It starts early in the morning and it finishes early in the afternoon.
Good research and development. Labs are full equipped. Colleagues are friendly most of the time. Master and Ph.D. studies are encouraged.
Good working environment. Good salary in ankara among other companies or sectors. Everyone around are from reputable universites. They are clever and wasy to work.
Pays really well, good benefits, overtimes are rare.
R&D environment, free food, transport
salary, level of stress, reputation
Freedom, cutting edge, excellent colleagues
Great people to work with, 40 years of experience, good salary, R&D activities, free lunch and transportation, good health insurance, not stressed environment, people are helpful.
Great colleagues who are graduates of the top universities in Turkey. The opportunity to contribute to many kinds of sophisticated work. Successful managers.
Working conditions, wages, working environment, managers
very good salary for junior
interesting projects
stable revenue
Good place to work in Ankara.
flexible working hours,average work load, net salaries,
No firing. You can work untill your retirement. Salaries are over average. There are cafeterias for lunch and usually it's tasty. You can use free bus services for commuting between home and work. You can also use free car park if you wish.
