Not a dynamic company. Slow work processes
long working hours, long commute time
Bad location, bad managers and hectic work environment
Change yourself
Too much Engineers working for company
Developing organisations
There are some organisational drawbacks
leader must be more empatatic and they must give importance choching an mentoring
Far complex from city center
stressful work environment can sometimes be exhausting
Selfish employees, bad management, and terrible HR department.
Management weaknesses at basic wrights.
long distance to the city, long working hours
Too many people and forcing management
Workplace harassment with total impunity. Incompetent managers. Mostly maltreatment and depressed coworkers.
Get rid of bad managers. Stop rampant workplace harassment. Improve physical conditions of workspaces.
there is no time to for family
Doesn't respect people and understand their value.
Long projects, Long bus ride
everything else in the company
Changing company structure and organization, managers which are not qualified
Make employers feel their importance, be fair, appretiate the work experince rather than the BS or MS, benedit from knowledge of experinced employers
For highly skilled mediors or seniors low salary because it depends on your years of experience. Some teams have bullies basically, you should choose wisely and be lucky.
Skill rated salary should be implemented. Strict rules against bullying should be applied too.
bureaucracy 
Slow work style
not open to new ideas
Working hours
hard to promote,promotion is not always based on open competition
Old managers; there are a lot problems regarding generations difference
More freedom for employees
Very bossy place
Sometimes not respect the employees
Listen to your employees
Campus is huge
Departments are too crowded with few people actually doing the work
Political setting in Turkey
Avarage management, slow industry, low vacation time
no social oppurtinities
no career goal and project management 
very bad and old offices
Unwieldy, Tons of unexperienced employees
Tons of inexperienced employees and managers. So much bureaucracy. Far away from city and challenging working hours.
working hours, crowded places, mismanagement, lack of value to person
Work performance
Less professional work environment
hierarchy, slow process, less training opportunities
45 weekly working hours is very hard for work life balance and facility location is outside of city. you waste 2 hours on the road everyday. recently high turnover rate between employees
Working conditions should be the first thing to improve
Too many paper works and quite slow working process
Mobbing, defamations, reduce salary without any notice. FARMVILLE amateurs school.
don't eat governments budget.
Long working hours. Too distant to the city center.
Not much dynamic work place, not new techs are used and no easy internet access uring working.
Too much bureaucracy, specific jobs to company, yo may narrow your future area of working, management of QA is not good
Location, long working hours, poor social
there is too much bureaucracy in place, processes are taking a long time to execute.
Corruption, not qualified management, dismotivating environment, working hours
focus on skills rather than political views.
No promotion or salary raise for years.
The firm has is own missions, and to achieve this, employees work hard.
More working doesn't mean more achievement, people must rest to do their best.
Internal systems could be improved
Company does not have an independent modern management system, it is controlled by government and this will effect upper management assignments, not all managers have required skills.
There is a clear favoritism for most of non technical positions, sometimes for technical positions as well.
There is too much circulation, skilled people choose to live company after getting enough experience.
If you experience problems in your department, most of the time they do not let you to move another department, moving inside company is limited unless you are really needed by more important department.
There are too much unskilled and under performanced staff, most of them can work in company until retirement unless they do something illegal or highly immoral. This reduces the efficiency and also reduces the motivation of people who shows good performance. 
There is a huge pressure on employees due to tight deadlines, especially projects related with domestic products which are used by government as a political material during election periods.
Working hours are 45 hours per a week, not the best in market.
Executives are strongly depended to political stuff
too long work hours,
constant worsening of working conditions,
far from the city & transportation is an issue,
they treat engineers as physical workers,
very static and boring working environment
too far from citycentre
working hours
incapable managers
unfair decisions
too long working hours
Work hours are too long. Too strict hours and policy that do not allow you to educate graduate programs. Bad managers and management. Bad processes to develop software. New ideas do not get supportive behaviour from managers. No special life respect. Less amount of experienced employees than un experienced.
Hiring too many unexperienced people, firing many experienced people, high turn over, no clear career path, political decision making, lack of smart management, long office hours, lack of quality in work environment and people
Low salary for the experienced positions
No worklife balance
Project management skill set is low.
Endless reorganizations.
Long hours, location, travel benefits
There are so much unplanned activities and timepress
very slow company, no vision, lots of useless people around
After a while it gets depressing to make the same job over and over again.
Old management decisions are not satisfactory.
Some managers seem to be directly under the control of higher level managers.
No room for growth
Long commute
Growing too fast causes organizational problems
No career path for an engineer
Trust us, we are an engineer
hard to improve engineering skills
social funds
open career oportunities
To much bureaucracy, you easily get a promotion if you know persons, otherwise it sucks
Away form city, lots of redtape
Location, far from city about 40 kms
Not enough fair to promote employees
You can be left alone with the whole workload.
Should be more selective when deciding on new employees
Disgrace project planning
Always chaotic enviroment
Hierarchy is riddicilously strong
You are expected to work overtime
Biased senior management
Poor meeting management
no additional benefits, management is not fair, long working hours
nothing
old software development environment, hard to move to the newer technologies
Bad management, location is off
People and environment is manipulative.
Campus away from the city
Too stable, slow decision making system, a way crowded
observe more
poor salary, politics inside the company
lunch is not good
too many hours to work for
not adequate for promotions
not adequate for business trips
not adequate for workforce balance
low educated personnel is promoted
Low raise, in experienced young managers
Too far from city center + long working hours
Many successful directors and managers and even simple engineers are forced to resign with no obvious reasons.
How many employees can share the same family name with the CEO?
Projects currently worked on are long term projects and that is why learning process and application of your knowledge takes a long time. This causes relatively slower selfdevelopment.
Managers who can not manage and know nothing
Hard to get titles 
Tons of bureaucracy, you need work at least a year to access all systems you need.
Need to trust engineers more and give them more freedom on their work
Under high pressure and control of the government
Turkey's political conflicts were observed in the company. (If you are Kurd you can be fired etc.)
There is no job security due to these political conflicts.
Bad human resource department
Need professional insight on the projects
Try to hold highquality staff in the company
After administrative changes made last year TAI have lost its corporate company culture.
Location of the company is out of the city which may cause hour long travel time from the city center
It was really far from anywhere in the city.
Project deadlines are always challenging which can be stressful
It is expected to work extra hours but the compensation is good
Sometimes efficiency is low, mangement shoulder be mor open minded
Give more chance to young People
Unfair grading policy. Almost impossible to change your department. Unfair dismissals after new CEO (2016).
They should stop hiring people just for the scale of the company.
Distribute workload better to increase efficiency
Not success oriented. Promotion is only depends on the years you spent. Managers are not qualified and shifted or changed very frequently. Limited number of design projects. Relies only the government supported projects. Quality of engineers are not good. Mostly, they do very few instead of making mistakes.
Very far from city center, not the best environment for a software engineering job  production and aerospace centric, rigid processes.
in the company"
3.0
★★★★★
Current Employee  Stress Engineer in Ankara
Recommends
I have been working at Turkish Aerospace Industries fulltime for more than 10 years
Pros
Collaboration in several projects with rewarding aviation companies.
High resistance against innovation and inertial management.
Promotions depend on various factors and even there are standard procedures, you can promote to a higher level (or not) depending on your manager's decision.
Be beave, take initiatives and support your employees on any subject. Soon, you will see that evertyhing will be better.
Slow, old technology on office equipments, hierarchy, less meetings, less connection between departments, far away from city center, high security control
Connection between management level and employees have to be improved. Treats should be shared more fair. People who are smart and have talent must be selected as a executive candidates instead of the one who has more experience.
Management is full of losers
No one knows anything. There are hardly ever any projects to work on. Not a great place to gain experience.
I have 25 years of experience in TAI. It's time to shift another company to share my experiences and earn new ones.
hire multirole engineers
Fast growing company. No other cons
Lack of Career path, subjective criterias for uprise
Please establish Objective rules for career opptunities
Maintenance workshops should not be this close to the R&D staff.
Slow process for employment. Rigid career plan. Location of the campus is far from city center. Company is manufacturing oriented, design engineering experience is relatively low compared to similar World class competitors.
Put some flexibility to career plans. Shuttle within the campus would be good, waste of time walking around. Too many working hours.
Very limited career development opportunities. Not very visionary and it is really hard to show yourself. The company does not have a competitive environment.
You should definitely improve career development opportunities. I know there's been a development recently but it should be further improved.
Since a big company, things do not progress quickly, so you should be prepared for the culture. So, productivity decreases because of this.
Please give more chances to bright person. Technical excellence should have more priority than presentation,
Bad management. 
Working place very far from city
Long working hours.
Almost no bonuses.
Very difficult to get promotion.
Feeling worthless among more than thousand of engineers.
production based organization, design part is very new.
nothing really. It is a nice place to work in. the only thing would be human resource career path is not clear for everyone. It is difficult to see where you will be in 510 years.
Working hours, promotion, leaders, distance
Working hours are too much and holidays aren't long enough.
increase holidays, decrease working hours.
45 hours of work weekly
Company is very insufficient at managerial skills. Most of the managers have no idea about managing a team or a group. Mangers lack basic project management skills and cannot take any action when a problem occurs. Company is privately held but the main share holder is the state so the state and the politics are quite effective on the company. Performance evaluation does not exist and there is no feedback for the employees. The main campus is 60 km away from city center and completely isolated from social life. It usually takes 2 hours on the road to reach the work place. Plus, you have to work 10 hours per day and that makes you have to spend 12 hours per day for the company for a salary that is almost minimum wage in Europe. Work environment is also very unproductive. People spend hours for chatting and walking around, which makes the company very insufficient at the end.
An efficient, productive and calm work environment should be provided. Work hours per week should not be more than 35 hours. All technical and nontechnical managers should be educated in managerial skills, and tested before promoting to managerial positions. MBA or project management masters degree should be required for the managers.
Experience may change very sharply from one group to another
New product desing approach and processes are immature. Market positioning is vague. Too tight delivery schedule and over work. Not much promising for experienced engineers.
Loosen effects of in firm politics when making technical desicions. Listen technical personel, consider business rules and market needs over tecnical base but think free of in company politics.
Forty five haour of work in each week
Overtime expectations
No work life balance
Organisational problens
Management changes each year
management is unsuccessful, promotions depend only on years of employment, no career plan for employees, working on weekends is considered normal!!
improve project management, each employee should have a career plan in order to keep the motivation high.
not good for self improvement
No selfimprovement
No justice at management side
If you want to make career, it doesn't matter how you work hard. It does matter who you know in the company.
Most of managers are incompetence at both technical and management level. Most of them don't know anything about their profession. They can't give anything for their employees.
I have no advice because they don't listen anybody but their huge ego
Management is dull and ignorant.
Because they pay overtime, they think it's their god given right to keep you at work for several hours. 
They have no software processes. software projects are completed like high school homework assignments.
They should learn modern management systems.
30 minutes by car
gossips, gossips,gossips
worst human resources ever
Organizational injustice, bad management, etc. etc.
Far away from downtown
Check the employers are giving their best or not
Management should improve but this is a young company.
#1 Aviation Company in Turkey
lots of thing to learn, good salary for juniors
Exciting , engineering, projects are cool
Salary, lunch, free shuttle service
A techcnology center of Turkey
Increasing the enginnersing capabilites
5th generations Aicraft Projects...
Better salary than most companies in Ankara
Flexible work hours
good job related training opportunities , friendly employees
Pays more than average salary
Wide range of manufacturing capabilities.
getting experience, advanced systems, good working environment
Salary is medium, workload is avarage
There are some people who are worth talking to.
good in relations and good salary
The single governmentled company which produces spacecraft and aircraft.
Competitive salary, special health insurance
nothing interesting really, salary is meh due to disasterous economy
Good company to work, good employers, lots of opportunity to learn and improve, well paid
Competitive salary for juniors. Good perks. Nice people in some teams.
Good salary
Big company
Culture
Foods
Working in the newest technologies
corporate company, competative salaty, health insurance
From satellite to helicopters; TAI has huge variety of products and it gives employees to work on different aspects of aerospace industry
A place with Prestige 
Important Projects
Allowing higher education
Good benefits
Opportunity for rotation
Working with many foreign and local companies
Health insurance, above average salary, a salary bonus in every 3 months
Nothin but being national company
Powerfull, Focus Company, High Technology
Good Salary, good friendships among former workers.
aerospace industry, special products, ability to work with international companies
Great salary
Side benefits
Job security
Transportation and cafeteria
Silent work environment
talented team members, getting experience in advanced systems, good salary
Salary is good compared to other companies
Flexible working hours, training programs
Just Salary was good. it was a nightmare.
Better salary than its competing firms.
It is stabilized, safe and protects employees.
You can learn implementation in Avionic Technology in nowadays and you may have a chance to follow new developments
Strong company, government share
It is a structured company with wellknown processes
salary, high tech abilities, leader in turkey for the market, five thousand engineer
Above average fresh graduate salary in Turkey standards.
Salary is good :) Different place to work (Istanbul, Ankara etc.). The Ankara campus is like a technological village.
The company has great potential
Good working environment
TAI (with new name Turkish Aerospace) is the oldest and biggest aerospace company in Turkey. They are expending so fast, every week more than 100 person starts in company. There are a lot of different projects and tons of different departments. Some departments and projects work in world class quality due to the customers like Boeing and Airbus, but some other departments cannot reach that level and managed poorly. Huge funds are given by government so their future is 
Pays well enough considering market average.
Facility in Ankara has good employee services like fitness, housing, hospital, school, parks, ideal to leave if you do not mind being far away from social activities or city center.
If hired by a good department there is so much opportunities to learn and develop yourself, perfect for new graduates.
Funding for most projects especially domestic ones are huge and this will bring world class training and travel opportunities.
Working in a Boeing, Airbus or similar big projects makes you a ideal candidate for jobs located in foreign countries and ease moving out of country.
Company encourages further education (masters and doctorate) as long as you prove that this will an asset for company in the future. 
Health insurance package is over the market average.
Good payment and good side benefits
above average salary (but below or average for defense industry)
one of the biggest companies in Ankara
aviation
only aerospace company at Turkey 
good salary
Good domain.
Low risk to get fired.
Good health insurance.
Tai has many promising platforms
Multidisiplinary and skilled personel environment
Above country average salary.
Many things to learn.
People, environment, benefits, industry, climate
There are many departments to work on from satellite divisipon to helicopter
medium salary, easy job, less stress
Working with the kindest people in that city. 
Lots of opportunities to travel aboard. 
Periodic salary increase and bonuses.
Most things about your future will be clear, no surprises.
Good pay
Flexible work hours
Overtime is paid
Target projects are really exciting
Best Turkish Aerospace Industry Corporation
Good salary compared to country average
working 
times
benefits
Culture & Values
Glassdoor the most trusted place to find
One of the best employees of Turkey
Competitive salary, nice campus, friendly environment
Good environment for newly graduates to learn
Good place to improve skills in aerospace industry
The company is willing to do new projects, that's why anybody can improve himself/herself here.
Deal with real world problems
Satisfaction guarantee for designers
Hightech, exciting projects
Dynamic work
Lots of opportunities to learn new things
Good work environment, good campus
Prestigious company
flexible working hours, good payment, new things to learn
being able to learn developing do178b software
High salary, flexible working hours
The projects are innovative and national.
Nice place to work here
Well organized, good salary, introvert enviroment (if you like it, me not so much)
There are plenty of growth opportunities and the business is global.
salary is fine for standards of turkey
Extensive opportunities, insurance, location Ankara
Short term salary is satistying.
Mostly great and professional working environment
The cooperation among people are so strong and everyone is ready to help each other about anything if you do not have any idea about a subject.
Learning Lot on UAVs by yourself
Great colleagues and friendly environment
Great salary
Great side benefits (free lunch and service facilities)
Good salary
High tech environment
Good composite manufacturing environment
Experienced tech staff
Even though new administration have made some negative changes in company culture still a good option in Ankara.
Good working environment. Enchances the engineering spirit for interns.
It has excellent enviroment, and social oppotunities. It has good salary policy.
Being a part of interesting and innovative projects
Good training and development opportunities
Young and dynamic environment, professionals, big campus with lots of facilities, good Payments
Good place to learn the basics. Benefits.
Almost always overtime. sometimes exhausting
The salary is above the average. Supports academic work. Good competence in aircraft manufacturing. Flexible workhours (depends..)
Pays overtime, childcare for female employees, cheap housing opportunities.
and 
As an engineer, one of the best places to work for if youbare interested in Aerospace.
Good working conditions, good salary, nice colleagues, one of the best four company in Ankara, free lunch, free transportation
For salary, it can be said good
None. There is nothing good about working for this company. Maybe getting a paycheck even when there aren't any project assigned to your team for a long time.
World quality working environment, new aircarft and helicopter development projects available.
Challenging work environment. A product portfolio from aerostructure to satellite. Good for the career opportunities.
Salary, flexible hours, trainning options, good place for aerospace engineers
Peaceful environment with nice people
Good campus, Training opportunities. Stable environment, Job security is high. May work with the state of the art of the technology, depending on the Project and Role. Can do MS and PHD while working.
Corporate company with a good system. Not sure if it's a pro or a con but the salary is fixed for each position.
Working in aviation projects, which is mostly not possible in any other companies in Turkey. So you will be part of indigenous platforms developed.
Chance to learn, good place for creativity. Opportunity for trainings. Working with international aerospace companies. New upcoming projects, new open positions and opportunities
You can have a chance to work on various product range from GCS to helikopters UAV's to satellites
corporate solid work with a safe work and salary. Interesting projects with a lot to learn from. good facilities. a really nice place to work in
Payment, benefits, company environment, sociality
Salary, working environment, benefits, campus
High salary. Chance of changing department
Good salary for new graduates, supports academic research, provides private healthcare services for free in addition to SGK, provides free accommodation near the main campus for five years if you are able to fulfill certain requirements
Good salary, extra payments, exciting job, supports master's or doctorate studies
Well institutinalized, fair benefits and salary, flexible work hours for RD engineers, campus, competitive advantage for national projects, guaranteed offset production income based over gov., mil. acquisations
Lots of projects
Good salary
Free lunch
Bonus at the end of the year
Training oportunity can be provided
paid Overtime
Relaxed working environment, salary is not bad
Salary is better than other companies
It is only aerospace company in Turkey ( I don't know whether this a pro)
Good benefits for beginners
The salary competitive compared to other defense industry companies
They pay overtime
good enough salary
prestigious projects
Aerospace, benefits etc. etc. etc.
Good Salary
Nice work environment
Friendly people
Very young and active people with Innovative and intuitive environment
