Time constraints, Waking up early
needs some changes on upper management
Too bureaucratic company to slow to take an action.
Get rid of old fashion governmently managment syle
15 days in 1year maximum
very strict and not bias
sometimes they will give you work that is not your resposibility
Please try to hire direct employees
There is no a good career management
It's full of nepotism, office politics, and gossip.
Not too many but work place can be hectic sometimes.
So far there nothing bad to say
Keep up the same performance
Low pay and no room for improvement
Invest in your invaluable employees.
If you have a competitive personality, if you are highly educated, if you speak different languages this place is not for you.
There is nothing they can do to prevent to be hired of politically influential people’s undereducated and hardlyenglishspeaking boys and girls, especially in locations like New York and London. My advice to the management is good luck to them.
Bad management 
No opening position announcement 
No promotion guidance 
Discrimination between Turkish and local staff 
Disabled employee discrimination
Advice to job seekers 
Stay away from TK
There is a large government ownership in the company which makes the procedures sometimes more bureaucratic than desired.
poor salary, politics inside the company
if you don't like aviation you may feel overwhelmed with the tasks, because flight operation goes 7/24
Bad upper management, nepotism, no career opportunities, they want you work 24/7 and not paying well.
discrimination against women
discrimination against religion
discrimination against political affiliation
be honest
be fair
Not much of salary raise
For software engineers, there is not much of a career path to follow.
You should provide your employees a career path that they feel challanged and will be rewarded if they are able to follow it.
Nothing really, the company is great and I had a great time interning there. The heirarchy is a bit too much, but the rest is okay
There is not much to stay.
You are a global company. Act like it. You micromanage far too much from Turkey and in reality should have regional headquarters managing local offices in that area, instead of having all these tiny local offices all over the world forced to report to HQ causing all sorts of delays due to the time differences, and issues due to the language, cultural, lifestyle, and monetary adjustments. Do not move major staff around so much. In the travel industry you need to know your market so you can sell to them. Having people constantly rotating around may give people a broader world view, but it hurts local markets. Learn to truly be a global company. Turkey is not the center of the world, and the global language is not Turkish. When customers call, they should be able to deal with people who understand them, and as of right now, English is the global language. Your employee's should speak it, especially if they work in local offices not in Turkey.
Work Schedule is a little bit hard,because you have to work late night at least 2 nights a week but depends on which department are you working.
better raises, more man power
Nothing considerable on the cons side
Management, low, middle, high. All is decided by politics. There are no opportunities to grow if you are not turkish or affiliated to a political party. Management has no respect of local laws and for employees and their families. There is no people management course done for these appointed managers, they treat staff badly and think that staff is there only to "steal"money from the company. Most of the time managers think only about their personal business by using the local staff as personal assistants. There is no meritocracy. Difference in treatment between local staff and local but turkish staff.
You should consider calling back all the useless managers you have abroad, they are NOT the face of the company (how can they be when most of them does not speak even english???) Try using the money the company is spending on those and give it so some worthy local manager that can do 100 times better than the turkish manager. Station managers are useless if they are not coming from an operative environment. Start by allowing local staff to grow in the company only by doing this you will have passionate and dedicated staff.
Too much politics, small airport,
Slow promotion, too much bureocracy
not healthy to fly all the time
Sometimes too burocratic, too many employees
too much workload and too much bureaucracy
need a lot more training
Some of the destinations hard to work
no promotion unless you work every hard.
Number of career opportunities should be increased
Bad Manangement system, team members, Extended duty times.
Old buildings old it infrastructure some old person.
Nothing to be complaining and comments
Airline industry is very fragile.
Managers dont care about the flight attendants. Very short lay overs. No certainity in the business
Long flight times, airport is far from city
It has no disadvantages to employees
Salary, Work area, work time , Work Pressure
If you are a minute late for work, your half hour salary will be cut
Working from home is not possible outside of the pandemi
Permission to access news sites, shopping sites or youtube is required during working hours. Once the browser is allowed to be used, the system asks again every 10 minutes and cannot be accessed for more than 2 hours in total.
During the day, total break outside the building cannot be exceeded 30 minutes. Each break cannot exceed 10 minutes. You cannot stay outside for more than 1 hour between lunch. Half an hour of salary deduction is applied even if 1 minute passes. In case of a total outage exceeding 5 hours during the month, defense is requested.
Salary decline due to the impact of the pandemic impact on airlines company
This is not recommended for new employees
nothingn sh ahs fh ash fh as
they take everything personel
Low salary with respect to job market
With pandemic decrease in the salaries was epic
No promotion , Old School working environment
No respect to employees, 
Bad Administration
Financial Risk
You may end up in unemployement
Financial Risk
You may end up in unemployement
Not enough promotion chances
No bonuses
It is a really cool company to be in, but lack of top management skills especially in it will drive them to be worse in post pandemic years.
Employees are not just tools to be used, top management has to make us feel it is worth to be here, but instead, we always felt that it's a gift for us to be here, there are tons of people waiting for working here and individual employees are not important...
no downside available for Turkish Airlines
Disrespectful to employee
Low Salary
Unskilled Administration
industry is in a crisis.
not easy to promote
Government pressure
Unqualified management
Very limited career opportunities
Old systems
Too much turkish language Influence
Bulky Organization, Nonprogressive for employes
No real career opportunities
Performance is not honoured well enough
there is limited space for growth
nonflexible working hours, nonflat management
Mismanagement. Management is selected because of its relationship with politics. Sometimes it can cause a lack of management in the departments.
Management should work with employees more closely to understand their problems.
Same as other inhouse companies
Cheap labor, almost impossible to promote.
They don't have First Class ticket :)
Overworking about five to ten hours per month
Higher salary
Being a corporate company can sometimes turn into a disadvantage.
Where to start? Management doesn't care about IT. No budget for employee training. You could be given more responsibility but not more salary.
Currency Effenct on salaries questİon mark
Currency Effenct on salaries questİon mark
working atmoshpher but extremely poor management,
It was a interesting time for me working there
They are pretty professional worldwide company
Working against ground time and delays. Oh boi.
Too much bureucracy and no career improvement
Too much bureaucracy and hierarchy.
irregular sleep time different person every flight and passenger problems
Moral harassment, humiliation and disrespect.
Racism towards non Turkish people and local staff.
No prospect of evolution if you are not someone's friend, son or brother.
The chiefs succeed in having their position only by piston and knowledge. If you don't know anyone, you don't grow.
Dishonest.
Spirit of dictatorship and especially not daring to go against what a leader says. Zero management, the chefs are apprentices, they have no level and are there by knowledge. A showoff company, with gold on the outside but rotten on the inside.
You don't deserve your status and your places. You are all boosted
Put people who deserve their place, stop putting people by knowledge.
Stop the piston, stop racism, stop this management of dictatorship. You are not sultans and we are not going to lick your boots.
Zero career development, discrimination between Turkish citizens and local staff, Turkish citizens get paid high and have prospective positions although they don't have the required background. You will need to do your own job, your manager's job and GM's job, you will need to teach your manager and GM continuously and may engage with many other responsibilities not related with your title. If you are a person with a strong educational and experience background, this place is not for you.
Stop bureaucracy, stop discrimination, value your employees, create job opportunities for those who deserve.
No real worklife balance; you feel like just another cog in the machine (not an integral part of the company); older captains are still being treated like sultans (infallible and unquestionable) and crm breaks down in the cockpit too much because of this.
Don't treat your employees like replaceable human chattel. There is a reason why the company has become less and less profitable and not as internationally competitive as it was in the past. And it's got nothing to do with how you treat your passengers.
no way you can promote unless you have friends in higher places in government
Company management is an unbelievable level of unprofessional
Work Environment, colleagues, managers, distance to town
Too many to talk about.
Change!
Workload, Seniority, , Less Career Improvement
lting Engineering Planner 
Neutral Outlook
No opinion of CEO
I have been working at Turkish Airlines fulltime
Pros
International Company. Good potential.
Mostly all managers are expats with little or no knowledge of local work ethics, culture or ways of doing business. Managers skills are often lower than of the junior employees.
Be more ethical and respectful.
extended paperwork, dull routine hours
Compensation package is not competitive versus overall market
Very lean structure/Nepotism
You have not particular working times.
Management, Extreme Hierarchy, lack of respect to juniors' ideas/work (dependant on the department), lack of freedom, close to improvement
Management needs to trust and listen more to its employees in order to grow as a team.
You do not upgrade even you are successfull
Working times and small salary
Salary is very small
Upper level management is not connected to the lower levels, no career path , no performance management, little room for personal growth
No carreer path
Very strict working hours
hierarchical system can be boring
Downside changes up to peoples goal of life. Generally, big companies have a slowmotion of decision making.
Salary is so less. Also employees are not enough.
not that good if you don't speak turkish and no evolution
Dont have flight tickets
Internal transportation
Long procedures for recruitment
No career path, doing same thing all the time
No growth, No motivation, No challenges
Short layovers, worsening working conditions etc
All politically promoted peoples' living place
hard to improve yourself, istanbul
less importance to workers development
No opportunity to excel
Boring at times
Very low salary
No need for specific education
Low prestige
24/7 work, 4 shifts
The salarier could be higher.
terrible lunch and strict rules
No chance for career raise unless you know a minister or an important person from Turkish Government
Please keep this in your minds that you are temporary but Turkish Airlines is a brand hopefully will stand forever
No chance for career raise unless you know a minister or an important person from Turkish Government
Please keep this in your minds that you are temporary but Turkish Airlines is a brand hopefully will stand forever
low salaries comparing to other known airlines.
the salary for part times
unqualified managers, awful hr, unbalanced salary policy
hard to go up if you start a beginner
people scare about their career path
No career opportunities and path
Poor organizational skills and poor HR
They should improve their HR
No meritocracy 
People are promoted based on their relationship to government or AKP
Most managers are selected from religious high schools graduates
unmotivated management periods and political relations.
No career path (HR is manipulating the assessment results based on your political view
No privacy (Management and HR can blackmail you, if they see you with different women in cafes/restaurants. Same will apply if you have been seen in a bar drinking alcohol)
Don't blackmail employees and don't do a systematic mobbing on secular minded Turkish employees who does not support Erdogan
political things in company and you can't share anything about what you are thknking because best way to be peacful.
You have to be passionate.
None
No performance calculation, standard salary. Salary is lower than private companies.
There should be performance calculation and motivation by increasing salary.
There is never loyalt regarding merit
Loyalty makes your best among others
heavy duty and flight time
Boring for creative people. Hierarchical.
You are very kind to your managers but please let your personnel personalize their work.
management
lack of evaluation
inadequate delegation of authorities
no
Minimal personal growth
Communication mostly in Turkish
Lack of work and life balance
Great place to work as a start of your aviation career, however, because of it's restricted personal growth and lack of basic appraisal system it's challenge to grow.
i like work on a great company with fresh environment.
Not found any major downside
Not found any major downside
It has a mentally draining work place.
too much politics going on. No career opportunities if you don't have the right contacts. Connection is more important than skills.
not very international although it is a big brand. Most of the managers don't even speak english.
very low salary if convert to USD.
No career path, political recruitment and career policies, executives with narrow vision, limited communication skills of management, unhappy managers and senior employees
Can't get any promotion unless you are a member of the ruling political party
Old school management style.
No opportunities for career growth except if you know an influent person on top management.
Political Activities Much, stringpulling, Lazy Colleqs,Daily Activies all same
Salary and ongoing promise is bad
Difficult for nonTurkish people to build up a career in company. Too many working hours, espicially during high season even for yong and strong staff.
don't expect to much. just do your job
No career path is provided.
Very little chance to get promoted without referral from top management or high government officials even though you work really hard and have great achievements.
Competence and merit is not taken into consideration for getting promoted and this cause a very poor level of management.
No performance management and no career path defined in the company
Fair promotions, need to hire qualified employees, review and change of current management
it is difficlut to have one month leave
give some leave to employees who work hard
easy to catch illness at work and hard to get rest especially after long and night flights.
Lacking of personnel's career development
Career opportunities are limited
First years salaries are limited
Working hours are not flexible
working hours,risk,health, seafty, dress up uniform
employees / managers are not valued in terms of performance but personal and unprofessional approaches
create commitment
There are a lot of managerial units which do similar jobs and job descriptions are not perfectly separated. Also employees have to complete many urgent duties given at the very last minute, to run the operation uninterrupted.
Do not assign last minute urgent duties to employees, better organize.
there are Poor Tranining and Unfair Upgrading/Promotion system.
Staff being treated poorly and the company doesn't give a damn thing. You are forced to work over the legal limits and most of the new recruits have no previous job experience let alone the aviation. The customer unfortunately is always right and you have to be always defending comfort over safety and security. Even the charter airlines care more about safety and security.
No much career opportunities 
inappropriate leading
Bureacracy, daily commute in Istanbul traffic
Getting promotion is hard, and sometimes some people promoted unfairly because of their political references.
not clear career path, politics in company
be honest and be fair
There's a big bureacracy and no much carrier opportunities. 
Very active politics. 
Horrible Istanbul traffic
Try to be clear and creative about carreer growth.
Promotions are not based on performance but personal connections (usually from the political party in power). Salary raises are not performance based either.
Try to adapt a performance based fair promotion system
some jobs are not paid that well
nothing much
few tip great but ok
The company has no respect for flight attendants and does not stand by them in any case of inconvenience, the misogyny of the upper management is even felt in the cabin. Employees are governed and controlled by fear of losing their jobs if they do anything against the management or the ruling party more than love for their job or for the company.
Read here and look at other reviews, as well. Stop being stubborn Turkish people and act like businesspeople. Analyse inputs coming from your employees without bias and use meritocracy not your blood lines to promote people or even hire people in the first place. In a fast age like this, with this shortsighted vision, you are doomed to lose and it is gonna be hard.
Too bad management they dont know what they doing. They are acting like a sultans. They dont care you at all
Retire
Too bad management they dont know what they doing. They are acting like a sultans. They dont care you at all
Retire
I dont think THY has any cons.
Limited growth due to restriction of supervisory roles to Turks.
Management structure has to be updated to become more efficient
after 2 years or more you can get a bit bored because of fast paced enviroment. if you like ordinary life never try it mate :)
bureaucracy, slow proccesing due to hierarchy, no performance management system
there is no career path. no room for improvement. traditional management, high bureaucracy, no autonomy
Reservation system should be simplified
Good management
old fashioned jobs, insufficient software development lifecycle
IT department should be more flexible and open to emerging technologies
No career path for entry and mid level engineers
Broken software culture
So many employee who doesn't want to change himself/herself
There is a constant change in management
IT systems require an upgrade
Overall management structure needs to be reviewed
Currency rates
Difficulties with Turkish language
Unstabilized Monthly Rosters effects you health and social llife
Nothing important to write here
Go on to be globally active airline
too much political, you should know sb to promote
Too politicallyeffected environment, managers with lack of management skills
Be fair
there is no career management and planning.
horrible human resources which does not even conduct periodical performance analysis since promotions depends on your highlevel powerful relatives or your political stance rather than your qualifications and capabilities.
the most horrible management style ever.
so political
no change to promote if you are not one of them
be fare
not easyy defined career paths
Poor HR, promotions mostly due to political views and personal relations. Inspite of successful look, very amateur commercial management, low job satisfaction.
Turkish Airlines has a geographical competitive advantage in aviation industry. However, the partisan structure and nepotism ruins the company day by day.
Since the company is 49% owned by the government, it is widely open to politic affairs.
It would be necessary for the company to focus on increasing the motivation of the employees.
Does not have a formal performance system
hard to get upgrade, not so much professional
Whether you deserve or not, hard to have upgrade on positions without anyone with strenght. Limited career opportunities. Not everybody is sure what they doing.
Supervisors not show a way to improve yourselves.
Be objective. Give the rewards for the merit workers.
working with shift style, sometimes this becomes a trouble if you have a family, children
give more importance to senior employees
bad carrier opportunities, bad location, no education plan
Promotion among employees is very rare. Salaries are not so high. Human Resources strategies are inadequate. Career opportunities are so limited. There is lack of team soul.
Human Resources Strategies for employees should be improved. Managers could be able to appreciate team work. Offices should have better conditions.
company culture must change 
performance system must be introduced
only half of the personel do the actual work 
staff is not being trained properly
promotions are unjust
company culture must change 
performance system should be introduced
staff is not being trained properly
promotions are unjust 
there is no career path set for staff
Working at downsides will ease my transportation to work
Many locally appointed staff dont get promotions very fast, while head office appointments get higher positions and also bonuses, but this trend is chaning now, many of my colleauges are now Managers.
While announcing bonuses please do consider local employees also.
There is no performance management
A lot of procedures you need to get rid of
Wide range of hierarchy and laxk of specialization
Right duty to right employee is required
Salary is avarage according to other airlnies
Nothing
bad management, low salaries. low profile mangement.
take care low status employers
it is an old fashined company.
they can be more friendly
when you are at work it is very busy
Generally, processes are quite slow
Wages may should be higher
There are so many projects to tackle with, most of the time unable to cope with. Need to get more reources faster. This is almost the most common problem of all companies.
Just do what your have been doing gor the last ten years. Everything is fine. Great to be a part of a constantly growing global airline.
static, low salary,politics, no career path, no personal development
more dynamic HR
Inertia to change because of the size of the company.
corrupt executives, political intervention, no chance to promote if you are not a supporter of government
performance tracking is not so good
No human resources help and no career opportunities. Bad attitude from technicians to engineers (actually technicians earn more than engineers and talk more than engineers. no offense)
I can only recommend them try to Improve the connection between the midlevel managers and the technicians. They are planning to increase the number of the aircrafts from 250 to 450 . Too much work to do and It can be handled by only improving the communication.
promotions are based on politics, especially to the other countries
networking is everything
too much inadequate employees having references from politicians
still, I would say that Turkish provides its employees with a number of career opportunities in other companies thanks to its stature and works
hard to be hired
Nothing to say, they won't change their HR policies.
1.Everything is in Turkish, even during an internal meeting GM to manager spoke in turkish. This is disrespect to local staff.
2.Too many turkish managers being located to local office. This gives no chance for local staff to develop and getting promoted. 
3.Managers being sent to local office are low educated, dont speak english well, having no respect to other, rude, and always look down on locals. They even bring up issue that locals are lower cast than turks. Oh, I wont forget also that one manager that I know was forging his university certificate to be able to work in our country. Really, that low?
4. Too much bureaucracy
5. Gap between managers and local staff salary are hilarious. Plus managers got bonus per 3 months and health insurance. Local staff got only salary. While locals are the one working like a horse, and the managers gone for morning coffee everyday (1hour), lunch (2hours), and another afternoon coffee (1,5hour)
If TK is really globally yours, use English for any occasion. English is a global language. Turkish is local language. So please, widen your world. The world is so much bigger than just Turkey.
Call back other managers and let alone the country manager. Local staff can do the same, maybe better work than Turkish Managers. Look at other airlines, they only have 1 country managers and let the locals be managers. Its save TK's cost of migrating them in the other hand, it gives opportunity for the local staff.
Build a standard and measurement in hiring people. Not every turkish can work especially as TK is going international. Get rid of those people who is not competent.
State owned company, therefore human resources policy does not even exist. No performance measurement of the employees. Unusual and extremely much networking policy is relevant. Sometimes managers have no orientation
Get a new human resources system
get being promoted is really hard
If you do not have political affiliation with management`s, getting promotion is a kind of miracle.
You have to be ready that your manager or SVP can not understand English.
Performance must be evaluated according to professional criteria, not personal or political. With this kind of HR policy, You may have a big problem to keep yespecially in a position airline`s well known reputation.
Salaries are based on time you have worked for the company not based on your performance. Women to men rate is below one.
there is no career planning or performance management for employees. its big problem for career oportunities and personal satisfaction.
All appointment to the good positons done by politic reasons.
only deservingness!! select and up grade employees properly. especially senior managers and directors!! they have no compatence and they do not understand whats happening around there.
ther is no way to speak same language and focus on same point with them...
to conclude HR policy is awful.
Friendly people, High Paid Job
good place to learn and practice
Wanted to be airline worker
the very nice working environment and experience
the day go by fast
Good to start for salary
The technology and methods being used by the employees are not high end, so it's easy for a qualified employee to show the skills.
Great place to work. Great Benefits
Best company to work for.
best health care insurance 
good flight benefits
Great company with good benefits
If you like to be in the aviation, it is an ok place to be. Its business is growing with many challenges. You will be exposed to a great audience and would get to know many people if you have any chance left from sefchicks:)
Flight benefits when space is available
The company has a global footprint and ambitions to grow further. It is one of the best airlines in the world to work for.
great people, great opportunities, good environment
I have worked in Turkish Airlines more than 10 years. It is one of the biggest airlines companies in the world. Compensation and benefits are good , if you stay longer you get discounted flights.
Flight benefits and health insurance
free or cheap airline tickets
You get to buy tickets really cheap, for you and your first degree relatives.
Work with nice people
You have an impact in the general operations.
It was a good environment with friendly people and very knowledgable. There are plenty of growth opportunities and the business is global.
Everything! This is a great place to work.
Great pay and Benefits make Turkish Airlines a solid choice when finding a new job. If you manage to stick with them for a while, you also get the bonus of free or cheap tickets to anywhere they fly or often where partner airlines fly. Your training will often send you to Turkey for what amounts to a free vacation with some schooling during the day.
It is the best airline company in Europe
profitability, beneficial career
Best Airlines in europe for years
Well money is there, there are no cuts on anything, the marketing campaigns are massive and spot on. Employees have some tickets to travel for "free". The aviation academy courses are done by competent and passionate people.
Positive growth, Dynamic Management, good salary
High tech, good funding, visible projects, great benefits
Easy profitable and make you enjoy the time that you spend at work
Opportunities to improve, prestigious job
decent salary and good benefits
Global and world known company
good benefits including private insurance, discounted tickets.
Working environment, good salary, cheap flight tickets and hotels
Salary, Tickets, Good conditions,Health insurance
Tickets, insurance, car service, meals, family balance.
The best airline in the world
Turkish Airlines is very wellknown international company.
Great salary and good opportunities
Good salary, opportunities of travelling
Very good good company with many support
Free Ticket, free meal, service, Health insurance
Free Airline ticket for you and your family(can be used if there is free space on the plane)
Discount airline ticket you and your family(can be used if there is free space on the plane)
Extra annual permit( after 1 year 20 days)
7 days of excuse leave a year
Special discount on some hotels (all over the world)
Global company
Best airline in Europe area
Montly prices very low this year
communication intenally is half english half turkish
Free ticket provided by company
Flight tickets with discounts up to %100
Flexible , Good Pay , Work & Life balance
Global company, most country flights
Indulgent Managers
May help to worklife balance
Indulgent Managers
May help to worklife balance
Extra flight rights
Easy to work
It is really nice to fly wherever you want for a really small amount of money. It is a well known global brand so it makes you feel special all over the world.
Turkish Airlines is an amazing company to work for
Gives salary on time
Have Free Tickets
benefits of company is good
Most valuable brand in Turkey
Reputation of company
Very good worklife balance
Side benefits
Multiple culture and broad mentality
Global, High Salary, Fringe Benefits
Good workplace and colleagues
Rare overload or high work pressure
very reliable and fun to work
Competitive salary, good side benefits
Instructive! Colleagues are experts on their job and help you to learn tips about the job.
Travel around the world with pass tickets
Cheap flights all over the world.
Business lounge is the best in the world, competitive prices
Good working conditions, good salary
One of the most important companies in Turkey.
Domestic and international travel discounts.
Very big and possible upgrades
Very big and possible upgrades
benefits and compensations and not bad salary,
I really enjoyed working with Turkish Airlines
Travel around the world and enjoy doing your work
It's all good. The good starting point for your career in aviation
high Salary with good reputation
Great side benefits and competitive salary
Huge social opportunities, to discover the world and learn new cultures
Reduced price ticket, on waiting list. Ultimately, you can't take advantage of it and you can almost never get on the plane because you're on the waiting list.
Flight benefits if there are available seats on the plane
Pays well; flies to a diverse range of international destinations
salary is better than average
Good salary and benefits you may get
Tickets, private health insurance, lots of travel
Global Company but that's all.
Nice Work Enviroment, Nice Colleagues
nan
Professional job atmosphere, high salary, fair working hours
Overall the best thing is the salary you can get while maintaining a healthy work life balance”
It is the best airline in Turkey
Free or discounted flight tickets, bonus schemes (4 times a year), working in a highly commercialised environment (government working rules are abided by)
Flight tickets are cheap. 20 Days free in a year
Free or discounted tickets and we'll known company
Great benefits (pto, tickets), friendly environment
Working here for 5+ years.
Has flight, car rental, hotel opportunities.
Friendly environment.
Reliable job and extra benefit like free airline tickets
People working in this company is very friendly. The environment is always good.
it is big company and has many different opportunities for employee. Also friendly worker.
Cheap ticket on standby on a lot flights
The Coast of living in turkey
Friendly Enviroment and good Management
Easy work and no extra hours
An environment you can work freely
It is relatively good pay in Turkey,adventurous life style
Good benefits and good flight opportunities
personnel transportation, ticket discounts, stressless work area
Better than average for Turkish company
No overtime
Flexible environment
Young employee profile 
Fairly easy job
High food ticket pay
Easy to communicate with managers
good salary, health insurance, social facilities
Really cheap flights for staff
Nice office
Really cheap flights for staff
Nice office
globally known company. there are more destinations than any other airlines to go by.
lots of spirit of sharing
international business and exprience, lots of diverse department
good brand
good salary for beginners
good salary for experienced people
Free staff tickets and discounted accomodation
You will have the opportunity to learn about one of the biggest airlines and how airlines works.
Better salary than most turkish companies
Benefits 
Standby tickets
free pass tickets and health insuarence.
If you are a Turkish citizen, who has never seen the world before, this is a great place to work as you can travel around the world and get visas easily.
Also if you support the ruling party AKP (Erdogan's political party) and know some people close to AKP leaders, you can get promoted without having the leadership or technical skills required for the position
cheap ticket,best hotel layover, excellent salary
İts fun, and the salary is nice.
Good working conditions for Turkey's standard
Almost doubled salary once in every tree months
flag carrier airline company of turkey
Free food, tea and all stuff. Clean working conditions. Good salary. Kind managers.
benefits
easy job
dynamic environment
flexible working hours
Free Tickets
Relaxed working environment
Great culture
i like work on specialty field
Unlimited discounted tickets, multicultural environment
Unlimited discounted tickets, multicultural environment
You travel a lot while you work there.
It's one of Turkey's best employer with a prestige image
Growing fast
lots of benefits such as high salary (compared to Turkey's average), shuttle service to and from work, free lunch, free bank account, cheaper flight tickets
Free staff tickets, work/life balance, good salary
Good health insurance, free tickets
Good experience overall, with nice training opportunities. 
Work on very various duties. Great for a first experience in aviation.
Travel benefits.
Social Extras, Lunch Hall, Cafeteria, Restfull, Shuttle Bus
Tickets and some hotels agreement
Good salary, good attitude to employees from managers and company, lots of interesting courses in Turkish Aviation Academy. No control of every employee step.
good fly and health benefits. well paid.
Opportunity to learn a lot about the industry and gain experience
Exclusive Trainings
Industry Standard Salary
Extensive Benefits 
Health Insurance
Discounted Air Travel
Extra benefits like cheap flight tickets, permit for excused leave, friendly working environment
it is easy to earn money here
to have chance to travel easy other countries and meet different cultures.
Prestigious & strong brand value
Almost no overtime working
Cheap flight tickets
Private health insurance
Transportation and lunch provided
high salary,luxury life style,benefit ,early retirement,meet new cultures
working at one of the best airlines in the world is definitely prestigious and advantageous
Benefits such as cheap flight tickets, promotions for employees are many and useful.
Advantage is flight discount options
Great reputation, nice hotels and amenities on layovers and good salary compared to the sector
Cheap Flight Ticket 
Relax working
300+ offices around the world 300+planes flying around the globe with 40,000 employees. Be part of the family, learn from elders and youngers
Extra benefits are good such as cheap tickets, nursery subvention
good salary,free ticket,hotel discount agreements,good guys
Working in a international company.
Free or cheap flights to more than 300 location.
Relax working conditions.
Discounted ticket benefits. The content of the jobs are usually satisfying, and I learned a lot about the airline business.
good leaders and lot of opportunity to advance
Great and just this that
only the pay and benefits
Insurance(without dentalwithout covering lots of them), travel everywhere, salary is little bit higher than national average . Just 8 time off in month
Insurance(without dentalwithout covering lots of them), travel everywhere, salary is little bit higher than national average . Just 8 time off in month
It's great to have friends all over the world and to belong to the global world.
Broads scope of responsibilities and roles.
Exciting Opportunities and environment to work in
Shortly , Multinational Company , great culture , earn too much fly and travel too much 
that's it.
dynamic, growing company, large network in all over the world
perks are wonderful, you can fly to anywhere with cheap fares.
Travel benefits for family members
friendly environment, discount tickets, corporate culture
Looks good on your CV
Cheap tickets
It is possible to get great deals for airline tickets
Salary levels are fair in terms of industry standards
Working environment is friendly
Vecinity with my country
Facility to fly back home
one of the best airlines
Different subjects to learn 
Exposed to different areas to develop the skills
Good salary, travel benefits, work life balance
Salary is above avarage, free tickets, good working hours
a wellpaid job for the standards of the country
benefits and employee rights are guaranteed under the union contract.
not a very stressful working environment.
good salary
good collagues
pass tickets
CED tickets for your familiy
discounted pass and ced ticket for you and family, ced ticket for mother, father sisters, and brothers
Health insurance for the employer only, family members cost deducted from the salary. Large flight benefits in a huge network. Well paid salary compared to the country standards.
Being a member in avaition sector is very exciting plus THY is one of the best airline companies throughout the world.
Continuous growth
Lots of opportunities for learning
Flight benefits
good salary, free airline tickets, good locaiton
Salaries; after 3 years it becomes highly better than overall in Turkey.
Pass tickets to nearly 300 destinations in the world. Otel agreements that personel can use with nice prices. Nice working places.
benefits, contract details, all the best
Free airplane tickets, relax working atmosphere
The environment was not stressful. They have great working hours. Moreover, If you are an employee, you have very big discount on flight tickets.
Great work environment 
Friendly staff and mid level management 
great perks 
only global brand of turkey
cheap flight tickets / discounted hotel prices
I am confident that with my experience in the travel industry, makes me a perfect candidate for this job
Very good Employer, saalry is always on time, Management is excellent , Turkish airlines sends you for courses in Istanbul on regular basis , all inclusive of Hotel , food and daily allowances. Free tickets for family and after 10 years for parents. Zonal Employee Discount agreement entitles to get tickets at 90% discount on most of the Airlines Turkish airlines has an agrement with.
Biggest brand in turkey. Being proud of working for flag carrier
There are additional benefits such as standby tickets and social supports when it compared other big corporate companies in Turkey.
Good salaray at first years of employment
Better than most airlines in the world
international company. biggest airline company in turkey.
so many benefits, as plane ticket for you & your family. hotels discounts.
very good balance of work and life
Turkish Airlines is global brand of Turkey. It is very good being part of it. As a new graduate person, Turkish Airline taught me many things about Business Analysis
Has great benefits to their employers
There are great people to work with. You can experience almost every technology to work on in the IT Department. And the company is constantly growing, which is awesome.
comfortable, GOOD environment, big, , polite, growing
Good opportunities for hardworking personnell.
good wage, relaxed working hours
Pass tickets, services, good training
Good salary for the country , mother care opportunities for the workers whom has childs up to 6 years , free shuttle services in the city.
leader of the industry in Turkey
one of the best in Europe, competing with Lufthansa
good salary comparing to other companies in Turkey
easy to love the brand
good place to gain experience and learn about industry
CEO, Temel Kotil
Salary is good 
Employees got free ticket (on standby) every year
New challenging working environment, good opportunities to make a career. Developing a great brand. Future growth is targeted. Young people working for the company.
Turkish airlines which fly more countries than any airlines. Company gives free fly tickets for its employers
Travel to many International cities.
Most professional Company in Aviation among others in turkey. Sufficiently close to city. Health care is at maximum. salaries are above similar companies.
this job gives good salary and benefits when we compared by other equivalence jobs. But cannot be compared with other multinational or huge corparations.
