Not much to say at this time
I couldn't think of anything.
Nothing bad to say about it
Handson training for technical skills needs to be enhanced
The leadership changed for the worst. The location is not in taksim anymore. You can be easily replaced.
Salary is not high, political pressure from the government is high.
Freedom of discussion with high management is necessary. The company doesn't seem to value it's long term employees a lot. Career opportunities are very limited
it has been influenced by the government, so things are changing
Frequent organizational changes.
Political issues.
Low salary for jrsr level.
Give more value to your employees
It's hard to change the department. There should be more career opportunities.
Turkcell Response
April 18, 2016 – Talent Recruitment Specialist
Thank you for your response ! We have an internal hiring system where %90 of our positons are filled by internal candidates
Nothing in particular. If you love it that's fine and if otherwise thats your choice
Make it possible to reduce the price of some of the goods.
many employees were just killing time and not contributing much. also seemed pretty difficult to get promoted
A lot of political & government influence
Organizational mess
Obsolete and jaded, underperforming people who have been with the company for 15 years
New location
Get rid of the political influence and people brought by this movement. Bring back Yusuf to lead TSAG and attract high quality HR.
Hardworking, long work hours, location
very loaded responsibilities, very complicated work relations
The mentality is all about money, the upper management mostly care about financials only. Not much attention given to value provided to customers.
The prices devices are sold in Pasaj is ridiculous, the prices of data packages even more ridiculous. You would only buy these if you are ignorant to price tag or don't know about the current market or eshopping. (I believe only elderly people prefers to shop from Pasaj, and the whole design is aimed at them, e.g. you can not see discount amount in percentage, "50 TL discount!" is merely a illusion for eyes)
Above mentioned path Turkcell is following affects all the departments. Everyone is trying to save the day and not to appear bad to upper management's eyes. Nobody cares about customer. Nobody cares about other departments. Nobody cares about anything other than his/her annual performance.
Government wants, Turkcell serves.
They act like you desperately need to work in Turkcell. It's as if they are offering you their blessings and get nothing in return, hard work doesn't really get recognized.
Too much corporate feel in business side, tech side might be different. Not really a good fit for 21st century.
Gender equality and diversity inclusion is in really really bad situation. 
Tech they release is mostly a copy of sector leaders' apps and they also feel like they appeal only to old people. Too much false hope given to useless apps (personal opinion).
You can't close your laptop even at night. TOO MUCH OVERTIME (not paid). Work is only thing I can think from 07.30 until I sleep at night. It is very common you get job calls, mails, meetings, demands from managers even after 6 P.M. (They try not to bother you in holidays tho, they are still better than most of Turkish standards sadly...)
Hey, we are not allowed to do this in Turkcell :)
Politically deformed, career planning is based on subjective oppinions
Difficult to get promoted, not very freedom in designs
procedures are excessive, hierarchical order is the reason for slowing down
Sector
Hierarchy
Grading
Slow for changing
İ dont know what else
Good relationships dominate promotion decisions
Low raise under inf rate
Improvement to stafforiented separation processes
High number of meetings
slow company, burocratic, no carrier
Low salary compared to other companies.
Management issues and intransparent strategy
Low salary for development team
Too much corporate life and bureaucracy
not good promotion policy, it takes at least 4 years to get a title 
hr does not care about feedbacks
low salary compared to other industries and competitors
very low raises, %59 in a year.
unskilled and incapable team leaders (especially new ones), chosen without any feedbacks. senior managers just choose team leaders without even asking for the team feedbacks.
you simply cannot improve your skills
day starts at 7.30 a.m., literally at night
very bad food court at kucukyali office
there are poor promotion possibilities
High temp and effort & sale pressure
Some investments are slow due to Turkey’s current economic situation
technically does not add anything
A corporate company, so some processes are a little slower than startup companies.
The company should continue to adopt new technology standards.
can't be a manager easily
Strong strategy policy of HQ with business connection to lifecell
All good and more then perfect
Salary not a competitive one
salary and limitation on so many things
increase salaries and make turkcell great again
heavy workload can interfere your work life balance if not careful
Some duplicate business units waste your time
managed by incapable executives and ceo
salary is below the market.
Working Hours is more than expected
Things are changing so quickly. You have to be able to keep up.
Bogged too much into processes
should focus more on employee morale
Large company, has a lot of bureacracy, need 10 people to agree on simple stuff
Salaries may be a little better
Internal competition is sometime very corrosive
Slow business process and weak centered management
There are too much regulations.
Hours and hours working hard
Salaries, Competition between employees, lack of career opportunuties
Keep going
Almost nothing to about cons
salary increase per year is not adequate
limited side benefits
Terrible management in last 3 years
Abusive and bad managers, government backyard
In case of big organization, so many procedure
Long hours if work and no appreciation
It is abig company, sometime it can be hard to see allover the project lifecycle
Relations are more important than working hard/smart.
To much devisions for each unit
There is no career path
low salary, hard working, working under pressure
noisy open office and complicated works
Technical Debt, usage of old techs, slightly lower salary
increase salaries, hire more successful people, reopen the Starbucks at the terrace :)
burocratic, very slow and hierarchic
too many titles from bottom to top
No carrier planning, weak HR, ineffective management
Bad management, close to the government
Same problems as all the big corporate companies have.
close minded managers, no extra fee for working overtime
Very busy, personal training and salary
low salary, it's difficult to get promoted
competitive working hours not friendly to engineers management dont tell the truth
be transparent
Difficult managers, hard to promote
bad midlevel management, no career opportunity
fire midlevel management
Bad career opportunities, weak management team
hard to promote
constant organization changes
Frequent organizational changes
Limited career opportunities
Individual Lifework balance is not perfect
frequently leader change
silos in the organization
bad managers and political pressure
Different company culture where you will find hardworking and not working people together.
Board  Management could be better.
The biggest corporate company in Turkey
Hard to move a new company afterwards
too difficult to find right person
Lot of work very busy
Network effect ( should be part of a network )
Be fair
political games, supportive to government
No chance for self development. Workflows are so slow.
Give employees more space to be creative
stressful work and 
low salaries compared to the market
It’s a big company. Bureacracy could take more time of yours than you expect
low salary than other technology companies give
Resultoriented ETL and Big Data Engineer with total of 9+ years experience, plus 3 years of
Machine Learning
No career path, good relationships dominate promotion decisions.
Be more flat, be more encouraging, be more fair.
Hard to change the mindset at technical side sometimes
Most of the operations run in the local market.
little meritocracy, office politics, too much government influence
company rules are extremely strict, limited career opportunities
No cons yet i think
Abusive bugggers mobbing thretens low profile
Pressure, Noninstitutional Structure in some cases
Tasks are quite boring and repetitive 
Too much bureaucracy
Most of the time you feel like you did not accomplish anything
Low salary by market, too much bureaucracy
Cultural change in the management.
Terrible work culture. Strong hierarchy, no freedom. Speaking behind back is a tradition and so you will find yourself doing it as well! You will be afraid to speak and criticise at all times. In application operations department, you will be working in weekends and national holidays even if you are not on standby duty. You will be afraid to tell that it is your holiday and you shouldnt work. If you dont do as they ask, you will receive bullying and public shaming. 
Anonymous feedback forms are not 100% anonymous, and giving negative feedbacks is not a good idea.
Managers have huge ego and do only care about pleasing upper management.
Fire leaders that create toxic work culture. Create a flat hierarchy with freedom and no fear. This will not be easy, but else Turkcell wont make survive in the next decade.
Low salary, there isn't fair feedback system
Schedule is very busy
Work hard
Slow work processes, gossip among employees
Too corporate company and unnecessary procedures
Stressful working environment, everyone trying to show himself in every situation
hard to promote, ı dont like agile working
No cons in Turkcell.
Like a school.
Work life balance, poor vertical career opportunities
No clear career growth and stuck in "real" politics.
salaries can be much more better
Growth rates are slowing. You can not move fast because of heavy internal procedure
Hard to develop yourself, too big
Workload is always heavy and more than you can take. 
There is no busy period, it is always extremely busy and after a while this leads people to get bored and leave. 
They always want to do a lot of work in aggressive deadlines with as few people as possible.
Decision are taken by headquarters in Turkey (Turkcell) and here management just following their orders. 
They are using old technologies and not willing to change it
bad salary
no career opportunities
HR is the worst one
old school technologies, managers are not professional enough
new leadership is different then empowering people.
Complex bonus scheme, limited career path, organisational change in every 3 months
Humanity feelings are so bad between employees.
The managers are a bit serious about everything
No worklife balance, poor management, stressful and competitionbased environment
big company big problem. You can't get your computer and network access for months.
Lack of communication between superiors.
Communication among departmants needs to be change and more transparancy between team and manager should apply.
Complicated and unclear business hierarchy, undefined job roles and too many people engagement with too many meetings. Meetings shall be held effectively and be reported adequately.
Be more engaged to the staff, stop unrealistic perceptions.
Management , changes in the culture, conservative perspective
It's going down in the current market.
Management at higher level is too bad. Dont support to build new techs.
If you want to a tech company then behave like one
good company to forget what you you know.
you can't improve your abilities because there is no challenge tasks or projects
team leaders or managers generally do not understand the technologies. 
low salary.
not good for career opportunities because, there is favoritism.
forget about your social life
stresfull, busy working environment, bad worklife balance, Micromanagement,
work & balance, appreciation, career path
Unqualified top management with political motivations chosen.
Management, work quality, overtime issues
Sometimes it can be stressful.
You must be someone's man
Goverment manages to turkcell...This is real problem
Horrible management, poor codes of ethics
Frequent organizational changes lead to focus loss and delays in adaptation. Multiple work responsibilities in different departments cause inefficiencies and chaos. Incapable managers/division heads having no idea about business and people management, are promoted with no logical idea behind and this leads to demotivation, frustration and distraction. Plus, these managers concentrate only on themselves because of fear of losing their seats but do not care about their team development at all.
Focus on organizational development and create teams from capable people. Get rid of useless managers who have no idea about business and people management. Invest in young generation.
It is really an issue to follow the trending technologies. Turkcell doesn't invest on technologies as much as it should be in the recent years.
Career development
Internal transfers
Some missing skills on lower management
None that I can think of.
Not enough space to get promoted
managers threaten employers about using sabbatical, they say if you use it that means you want to quit. Some employers have fired while they are using their sabbaticals.
just do your work ethically
Too many organizational changes take place.
Corrupted and unskilled managers, unfair promotions, lacking open communication and integration
Return back the origins and standards where Sureyya Ciliv fought to establish for years
Relationship with government is disturbing, CEO dominant management puts bondaries
corporate company burden,
lots of people affecting the delivery
No authority in teams.
Only actual working of 2 hours for a day rest is for resting.
No company culture for doing or making a work done.
Callig themselves as a Tech Company but no tech awareness at all.
Managers and team heads are unaware of what is being done by team.
No clear path work career. Metrics can change easily according to the people wants to be promoted.
Worse tech usage and code writing than a group of college freshman.
No consesus on how to do the job nearly always.
No equal importance for group in same directorate.
Do not promote best devs. Do promote devs. that best manage people.
It is changing, occasional motivation may fall
The culture 
If you want to change even a little thing you have to fight against the status quo
No career move, changing culture to more conservative
Changing the organization to make more room for career advances
deadlines,
work life balance.
documentation over verbal
Everything comes down from the CEO, and basically what he says determines the company's goals etc. No collaborative brainstorming environment in the company
Career development is weak, patronage exists
No innovation,
Doesn’t produce technology, just purchases and uses
Unqualified manager in managing people and decision making
Discrimination between employees and teams
No clear career path and no support
Low level salary , a lot work and pressure
A lot of lazy people, can’t fire them 
Frequent organization changes and high turnover
Unbalaced workload in teams
No employee value
So many
Give a common meaning to employees 
Give value to employees and what they deserve
Don’t purchase technologies , produce them
Don’t say to employees what they must do , give them taking initiative right
Change recruitment techniques, they don’t work
Care personality and communication rather than college, gpa.They don’t work
Hard to get promotion. The salaries were better in the past
do not let good people to leave because of salary
New headquarters location is a bit far from the city center
Goverment pressure. 
No Clear Career Path
The salary increase is not high. If you work for long years, salary becomes very low. There is no salary adjustment.
Government influence is very high. Government supporters are hired in these days. If you are government supporter, it does not matter if you do your job or not.
The headquarter is not enough for so many people. 
The catering company is very bad. I hardly had my lunch there. It has a close relationship with the government, so nothing happens.
There is no career path. You do not know what will happen in the future.
There is a very chaotic environment. Who does what is very uncertain. Employees focus on how not to do a job. 
Managers are lack of technical abilities. They do not have leadership abilities. They do not whatwhat their employees are working on.
HR is not available. I did not even see HR while I was leaving my job.
Good employees are escaping from the company.
Not a fair company. If you are a bad employee, the company gives you a reward and you leave your job. But if you are a good employee and leaving the job, it gives nothing. I know some people not working for years to make them fired and get a reward.
Not for innovative and smart developers. You are only a headcount in the database.
They do not give responsibility to employeers but wants to be done perfectly from them.
Need to invest more to R&D
Not agile
Don't have a procudered talent management
Bad manager choice often tends to distract new commers
Try to choose more competitive and less intrusive managers
Work hard and much more competitors
Carrier
bad high level management for many reasons
nothing.really true.may be only just few people were there that im glad to meet. And thats it no cons.completely bad management, includes mobbing.
changethat management get completely new one.
Nothing, it is above the average
Can be more agile
Hard to get promoted.
Insufficient year based salary increase.
the current political authority is effective and determinant on the company
company need more effective and fair performance system
Work load
Hierarchical structure
Frequent Restructuring
Management change
Started to loose competent people
Better resource planning
Avarage salary.
Slow business processes.
Stressful, overtime needed, you don't need much valuable as an employee
They should work as one team instead of competing with other teams.
work and life balance isn't how it should be
nothing to there in turkcell
nothing
No work/life balance. 
Mediocre pay.
Old tools are so much placed in the company.
Stay connected with developers
Team leads are lack of technical knowledge and they are not following new technologies, trending topics and current telecommunication breakthroughs. Employee career path is not well defined and most of time you need to responsible for things which are not defined in your responsibilities.
Follow new technologies and encourage team members to experiment new techs.
Define a SMART way for career path with HR Account Manager
Define a responsibility lines for your team and dont allow your team across to these lines.
Manage team and project with agile methodologies not agileish ones. It is waste of time.
needs to be more flexible on timing of products
Agile
Continuous reorganization, low annual raise
A lot of stress, a lot of deadlines, a lot of “high important” issues, a lot of extra working times with no extra payment
The stress level should be decreased, so that the performance can be improved. In long term, losses can be irreversible.
no initiate, hierarchical, internal process is too long
Desicions are made randomly without planning. Need to bu equal to all departments according to work importance work flow and workload
Should find a way for better management
Morning start time is too early if working hours are set according to city conditions
Not so much problems. Generally working in Turkcell is fine.
too many people in office
Lots of field visits, too much conversations with people, lots of documents to fill.
Nothing much to declare really
Istanbul is the crowed city
There is no career progression.
Should have a close following with the employee.
if you are an innovative person you ll have hard times, technically incapable and unexperienced management teams, non visionary
learn to lead
It is not a fair company
They have to give importance their employees
There is a Harsh competition in the working environment
New board and c level managers are not enough qualified and not open mind like before. Sector is not exciting like before. There is no new product and ideas to improve your self. The company lost calture and values
Full of AKP minded people, if you are not an ultra conservative, get away from Akcell!
Claim your independence from the government if you have a honor!
competition in workplace, no career path, no new technologies
give more power to employees and trust them. appreciate the success.
Sometimes messy in decision making
There is no place for creativity and ideas, very strict business flow
Average salary (Junior/Senior)
Controlled entirely by the government 
No job security, people are in constant stress and wonder who will be the next victim due to his private opinions 
HR completely outsourced to a 3rd Party named as "Mental HR", who is working unofficially to spy and profiling for government
Skilled engineers and managers are leaving due to toxic political environment
Advice for the managers who still have some piece of dignity and honor, be patient and record every illegal action forced by the authorities and put into action by your peers. Things might change one day and Turkcell can be great again.
HR does not make any career plans for employees. What they do is announcing fancy plans each year but no realization.
No progress can be made by this HR structure. Employ fresh and talented people to HR positions. Except for a few, they are degenerated.
Inadequate career opportunities, hard to improve yourself
company vision is changing in negative
Started to being managed by the conservative government. Organizational structure always changes.
no office otopark, overload work times
the new location is not that convenient
directors who cannot remove the pressure of top management
In control of current government
location , management style, carear development
Very high stress levels will come out of this job
Difficulties in changing working departments
Management, HR policies, non professional environment
no real self improvement chances with that much work load.
Makes you rusty and softens your skills
Too much work for less people
Management is fair
No career plan 
Not an independent business entity for last few years, it's like a government office
Too less wage increase (below inflation)
Top Management is chosen by the Turkish politicians.
Don't lose the valuable people.
Some departments are too specific because of the business area(telecommunication sector), too slow  too difficult to promote, poor talent evaluation
Boardroom battles led to Government intervention that led tohe company become "Turkish" rather than "World Class"
Make the company world class again.
Lacks flexibility because of being such a large corporation. Takes to much time end effort to launch a project.
Lots of inefficiencies for overall activities
Need to focus about utilizing resources.
Bonuses are calculated based on gross, it shrinks the salary you get for the following 2 months after bonus month
there are lots of rules for regulations
No personal development potential
Long working hours
not safe work guarantee due to political issues, conservative, unskilled managers, bad strategies, clientelism, low income
..big brother is watching you.
Love you guys...
hard to change something, lack of experienced people, lack of career opportunities
try to train (invest) not only newbies but also oldies
Board is under full control of Turkish government starting from 2013, no more a true public company, but state owned.
All the CXOs have been forced to quit and replaced with ruling party(AKP) supporters. 
Skilled people left the company and many more in line, as Turkcell has become a governmental instutition with increasingly toxic company culture from top to the bottom.
Hiring process is completely outsourced to a consultancy firm, Mental HR, which is founded by the relatives of the president Erdogan.
Hundreds of people laid off without any reason due to political concerns of ruling party AKP in 2016.
Previous CEO, Sureyya Ciliv was a visionary leader, trying to create the "Google" of Turkey, with a great emphasis on innovation and R&D. Current one is merely a business man, who only cares about quarterly results and acting as the agent of government.
In any case, the government will not get hands off this company, because they are providing sponsorship to progovernment foundations, letting tenders to progovernment 3rd party companies, and filling managerial positions with untalented progovernment people. The pie is too big and too sweet. The corruption already started and downfall is inevitable, already lost a great market share in the last couple of years to Vodafone. Turkcell will become a farm of government, similar to TurkTelekom or Turkish Airlines sooner or later. My advice to the next Turkish government will be getting hands off the board, and let this company be great again.
To get promotion, you must be a man of a director!
Culture change, no talent anymore
Be aware of and keep the real talent
insane management, poor strategy, corrupted, no business orientation
Go back to Turkey and never get back
Downtrend changing in Management, Though Sector
The performance evaluations are not great as also the case for many other companies, therefore career development is somewhat lacking and many bright people leave the company
Government influence has increased a lot recently with a lot of the senior management leaving the company
Retain company values and skilled employees
Don't be the back garden of government and politics
Continue having a good impact and being a proud brand for the Turkish people
In league with and manipulated by the recent political power house. Very hard work on occasion.
Some times it should be stressful
High targets and keeping up quality on top can be hard for employees sometimes.
My only advice to Turkcell is ''Keep up trust and faith to youth.''
HR is disfunctional and even worse stands as a barrier for the skilled talent to get in.
keep getting rid of remaining useless trouble makers
exhausting, a lot of competition between employees
Some internal processes takes forever.
Perception is more valuable then merit
Continous organizational changes due to political changes etc. affect the concentration and motivation deeply.
The company should be more away from the political issues.
There is not work life balance.
Its location is far away.
Long working hours, performance reviews not objective
A more objective performance system.
It's affected by political factors too much in the past few years
Salaries are not attractive now against competitors
Inconsistent promotions
developers seem more worthless than others 
waste times with redundant meetings
does not provide options for your career path, salary raises are so low.
be as it used to be
Falling apart with the new management
Unnecessary stress created by management
Limited promotion opportunities
Oldfashioned employees that you dont know what they are doing
Politics inside the company
Try to create opportunities for employees
Follow trends in IT
Promotion is all but impossible
Its is really hard to say but you might find you a stressful environment sometimes due to a lot of things needs to be done on time
Lot of talk with people
Bad environment.   
Try to more productive   
Time restrictions, salary injustice, political issues in last years
no human quality and vision in most of the employees
no
Yearly organization changes according to that year's goals
Tight deadlines in new product deadlines to fit the sales goals
shareholder structure is conflicting a little
Corrupted company and management unfortunately
Be faithfull
Bad management
Lack of technology oriented business
Too much politic influence
Keep politics and religion out of the business
Invest more on technology
Invest more on people
I have no comments yet.
political, very crowded, everybody is specialized on only one little application or process. They are not aware of what is going around
it has not international view
Extreme Quality and customer focus creates stress
it is well managed. try to remove some stress
Political influence
Latest more hierarchy of stucture
Better to have the vision to be more a tech company
Company culture and management have changed dramatically in the last few years.
Unbalanced work hours, no certain career path, employee turnover
Please listen employees more
Heavy Political influence on management, no one cares about the actual well being of the company everyone tries to do their show business, lack of vision on high level management. No cost calculation. Getting promoted is about how good you lick people
You are losing a company which once created global success stories
Management, share structure, International operations
work life balance, long working hours, low motivated people
To motivate 1015 year employees
Cultural changes destroyed nice company understanding. Many uncertainties due to conflict in the top management.
Top management conflict between main shareholders has to be resolved in order to increase share holder value.
boring system and company needs to be more open to young ones
hire more young people
overtime, no career path, company is involved politics
Very busy life and no time to breathe. Too many customer calls and e mails.
You must find ways to make the sales people more focus on sales instead of operational paperwork.
Less promotion opportunities, too much operational workload
Everything is perfect but some of process management between departments should be reviewed
Unfair on promotions, managers force you to work extra hours, mobbing is common. Middle management is focused on its own bonus. They find every reason not to promote you.
sometimes operation routine can be annoying
Frequent organizational changes. underperforming people who have been with the company for 15 years
less organizational changes
Stress, Mobbing, Fake Behaviors, Losing Market Share
because of the size its hard to use any new tech
very dependent to any other group
Very political, weak managerial approach, weak understanding of employee complains,
Be friendly, open minded, try to understand employees, be much more identical and get away from country political standings.
unreliable country dynamics. Unreliable management. low promotion opportunities. not reliable HR policies.
More focus on hr
A lot of work but there is no favour for employees. HR is acting like we are animal.
Salary upgrades poor
Too much work, can not focus on one thing
Managers can not focus on priority work, everyday priority changes
office location
office space 
organizational changes
less organizational changes
nothing global. salaries are not competitive. benefits are good but not best.
they have to raise the compansations. change the work environment, change minds, qualify work load of each person, try to optimize.
Overtime working hours, reputation is going bad because of the government pressure
They have to decrease overtime working hours and they should seperate their relations with government
wild competitive environment makes things harder . not common goal
processes
HR
be fair
career path for new hires
Management
Product Owners
Long time to launch
No clear product strategy
No trainings
The company culture and profile of employees began to differentiate as a consequence of change in the board and top management. Worklife balance is not considered enough. Although, it is easy to provide technological solutions for flexible working models, the company does not support it . Parttime working model has problems to tackle.
Employer brand should be strengthened more mostly as a result of change in company this year. Human resources should regain the structured position in the company again.
weak culture
high staff turnover
aggresive internal competition
mobbing
useless cross functional projects
need for constant self marketing
working hours, performance criteria, lack of opportunities
Promoting is a myth and performance is not the only answer 
Quality of the managers is getting worse
Losing independence
frequent organisational changes
very hard to get promoted. (i managed to do a year ago. but nowadays it doesnt seem possible for anyone)
no well defined career path for employees.
low salaries
the company is getting less careless about their employees. i recommend them restructure their HR department and policies.
Company culture has changed in a negative way in the last two years. A topdown firm, unit head and team head apply micro management. Not a good place for junior. About average salary.
As much as infrastructure, people adds value to this company. Company should educate senior management about people relationships and show more value to all employees.
people, hr system, mid level management,
no motivational salaries, no good management
Bureaucracy, hr operations, rapid organizational changes, incompetant managers
low salary, overloading work, worsening benefits, no free lunch, surrounded by expensive restaurants, health insurance limit decreased lately
You need a contemporary performance evaluation and rewarding system for both employees and managers.
seems to be more corporate company
So many employees were just killing time and not contributing much. 
Pretty difficult to get promoted.
Organizational Changes, Performance Evaluation, Salary, Job Satisfaction
Take Care Accountability and Visibility
Poor performance management, promotions are not based on smart measurements. There is not a well defined career path for employees. You can not predict your future career.
Need to redesgin humman resources team. They don't care about low level employees.
hard career path, no way to be a manger
Company started to lose its values & culture. Promotion is not possible before 5 years.Slow procedures. Not the way it is imagined.
Continuous organization structure change, major change in company culture, location
Care about your employees more and support their career progress
Sometimes boring environment to work
some times too much jobs overlaps
when employees focus scores too much, this prevents them thinking main focal point oriented.
managament is awful, turkey's political system change its whole environment.
be honest to employees, do not make favouritism.
ı dont see any cons
easy to get lost, difficult to rise
changing working atmosphere and culture
Turkcell is in the telecommunucation sector, it seems that the developing technology will change the marketing structure and it will change regularly. Telecommunication market is a narrow market that colleagues make the strategies and offers regarding to your competitors not regarding to the company's business strategy.
always changing everthing , very very long working hours , unstatisfied managers ,
need to hire more people
difficult to reach managers( always)
be a honest manager, please
low sallary rises in turkcell
It s hard to find a career opportunities in Turkcell.
Lots of over time
No work personal life balance
High pressure
Stressful
Feeling of unsuccessful, felt by management
No recognition
Crucial environment
low salary, work life balance and career opportunities
.
Sometimes there is too much bureaucracy in the office.
Always support your staff with more technical trainings.
Bad people. And slow business environment
It's not easy to build a career here. Corporate culture is corrupted.
Definitely not a multinational company. Limited options for career growth. A fierce work environment with too much politics and less focus on performance.
A change in the executive levels has started, it needs to be cascaded down. It seems the organisation is becoming highly effected by government and related politics.
Poor change management, many branches
Organizational structure
Long processes
Too much employees
Much Rivality among employees to be promoted, Very hardworking people everywhere, Strict work on and work off hours, Stressful working life, many projects, man meetings, Less social events for employees.
Social life events should be oftened. Right for vacation should be extended and made flexible.
Work / life balance of the employees should be equally.Salaries should be higher. Be away from Political views.
You have to keep your self upto date about telco.
Getting promotion is harder than you think
Favoritism
problematic relations, inadequate managers, insincerity
Very local firm
Work overload
Bad worklife balance
Hard to get grades and poor ratings for real hard workers
Working out of plans all the time
Management must work on "Best Place to Work" and "We care people" values. There is so much work per employee and mostly worklife balance breaks.
Restructuring of management more often than it should be.
Tough working schedule and hectic life
Free time
very big organization and work processes
Allow consultants to work with the same environment with your employees. It increase the communication between the employee and the employees so misunderstandingsorry are reduced.
slow and not agile way of doing business
no career ,not much offer of wage
i already did it
hard to be promoted within team
Competency is too high. Software development procedures can not be applied too well in some cases.
Quality should be taken into consideration more. Getting results without good quality sometimes causes resource waste, especially time.
low pay raise
building a career path is a bit hard
insufficient parking lot
insufficient parking lot, bad food
Managers are not sure what they want, huge communication problems between employees, no company activity rooms in HQ building not even a parking lot (there is a parking lot but not eveybody can park and its so small), food is so bad, no place to give a break
At least a fun break room where people can sit, they should definately move the HQ somewhere else with a campus, IT guys have great campus why not marketeers
There is no career path or no support at all
Bad if you're focussed on hightech products, apps or web business. It's far away from acting and producing like a startup. But still one of the best among big enterprises in Turkey, as almost all are disappointing in TR ecosystem.
Stop being corporate powerpoint people and innovate!
Office culture, benefits, leadership, innovation, personl growth
Upper management issues, lack of awarding success, unclear and no ending tasks, sometimes doing ridiculous things just to show to upper management, too many contract based low quality engineers
Make difference between the employees who work and who don't work or don't let the ones who don't work be part of your team. Do not classify employees due to their graduation year. Please show some respect to their technical skills.
bureaucratic and cumbersome, average salary in the market
long lost john hours overtime
Half of the company consists of consultants. No company culture. Average salary for inhouse employees. Development teams are good but devops are very slow and bureaucratic. Most of the people have no enthusiasm for selfdevelopment and so on ...
Product ideas are not exciting.
old technology, bad management, bad performance measurement
better skill management
Changing company values, decreasing respect to workers
Competition
turkish culture
We might be offered more satisfiying responsibilities. Internship covers a very basic area of business
be more brave
There are extra working hours that you have to work during last week of each month.
Chaotic, procedural, a lot of work to do
Career paths may be more well defined
Work can be boring sometimes (depends highly on project/team) due to being a corporate. Not recommended for startup type of people
Less bureaucracy for development teams would be better
So much working and high target to reach
More salary
High utilization with daily jobs, slow growth rate at company creates less career opportunities, a campus is needed like other big technolgy companies instead of distributed buildings.
Use the power of the brand to boost corporate partnerships and sales.
It is hard to find a full time position after part time working
Limited career opportunities , benefits are not so great as it was used to be in the past, so are the salaries. Too big organization that makes you get noticed harder.
To build a career path is sometimes a bit hard
There is no predefined path as in banking sector
A clear career path should be built
for technical jobs I must say many system and network are complicated by design, unscaled, unmanagable
Difficult to get promoted. Promotions require long experiences in the field regardless of personal achievements. Further education of the employees is taken care of with continous courses and work shops in various fields.
Should advice their employees on their career issues, help them improve their skills.
Turkcell has the common weakness of telecom companies: slow, politicized, bureaucratic, old fashioned corporateculture which does not fit into the 21st century technology business. As a result, most of the people don't like what they do here, but still stay as they don't believe they can find a better job, it is mostly frustrating to work with these people. Although the organization structure changes frequently, career opportunities are limited and only the people that the respective managers know very well are promoted.
Be brave and try to improve the company culture in order to become a "real" technology company, don't just try to save the day, and do not settle for mediocre employee/manager performance.
although trying to be innovative, it is like a giant and slow moving machine
Manager should be careful of employee's motivation and equitable distribution of income.
culture is an issue. there is a gap between outsources and full times
No work done a tthe end of the day. Nothing improves or changes. Quality of the employees is low.
Try to actually do some work instead of drinking coffee all the time
Huge, so you shouldn't expect to get promoted very quickly. If you are not into the corporate world, it could be a bad choice for you. Highly bureaucratic can't get the excitement properly.
Low salary, low profile of working environmet, location of the divisions.
Must think of lowering turnover. Must think to make employees more comfortable.
Bad project planning and management processes .
Low Salary, Hierarchy, Human Resources.
Should do a salary review for the old employees.
future career oppurtunities are rare
Complex procedures, bad organization of work load, bad down level management, lack of technical trainings offered.
Train managers to listen their employees' problems. Train people for open connectivity. People usually do not make comments because of losing their jobs. And most importantly, stop using parttime employees! If you want to make them work 5 days a week, offer them a fulltime contract.
Some processes take too long to complete
Organizational changes, lack of meeting the career expectations
Try to keep people who hold most of enterprise memory & knowhow
Long work hours, need to work on weekends for extra.
Stay in touch with seniors
Work Overload and extra work after work time
Bureaucracy and politics, not enough career opportunities
Employee satisfaction is descending dramatically!
Fierce competition in the industry, not fair in terms of providing same opportunities to similar employees. You have to fight for your compensation otherwise they will have tendency to determine your salary close to/at the lower bound.
People will not share their knowledge due to the fact that they may see you as a threat.
Even though employees act as a corporate employee of a leading telecom company, my collegue yelled me twice in front of the other employees.
Unprofessional management skills.
Be professional not blood sucker for money.
More overtime work, busy work hours
Sometimes people can miss big picture during working on details.
salaries are not satisfied yet
salaries and grades should be revised
It is really difficult to keep life and work balance. ( long work hours even weekend)
Although you are allowed to change your position same level or grade, you can't get a real promotion. Career path opportunities are very low.
Don't let senior employee leave your company because of their managers and career opportunities.
Politics and organization changes, Turkish management style
be fair!!!!!!!!!!!1
Well, it's expecting to do overtime constantly without overtime payment! It's very hard to be successful if you are not a brown noser! So, there're a lot of incompetent managers around there.
Performance evaluation is just crap, it's completely determined by the relation with your manager. If you're good with her, you get good score and bonus, but if you're not, you become a loser!
Firing people is usual as a part of "company culture".
To the managers : If you are reading this advice you already know what is wrong, but I know you will keep the current situation to save your position.
hard to keep work and life balance
hard to get a promotion because of the horizontal organization
hard to adapt rapidly changing market
organizational changes once or twice a year
too many organizational changes makes it hard to focus on one project in depth.
Not well structured. Not all qualified people
better perform
Mostly not fair management
If you work hard you dont get anything but if you speak and visit managers more you get more.
Continously changing organisations
Choose the right track
Lack of corporate culture
Ongoing legal issues about shareholder structure
May be salary, it is not as high as FMCG
flat organization
most of the senior maangement likes micro management
more leading, less hands on job
Work load is too high.
Increase headcount.
too much vertical structure, average compensation
Conflict of shareholder is very big problem for the career path. Lack of opportunity to develop yourself. 6 month trial period for inexperienced people is disadvantage
Stressfull working hours because of millions of users
has no real cons 
human factor and personal interference is not much appreciated, the target is to maintain the system running with minimum interference.
have a little faith in your staff. and pay attention to their advises.
different locations for each department can be exhausting when meetings are considered
low salary for junior employees
making improvement and harmonization about salaries between employees
Since it's a very big company, it can get a bit bureaucratic sometimes and not all employees speak good English.
Too keep the company more dynamic, hire more international and young people and send your employees abroad so they can learn more.
There is no advancement possibilities. Salary reviews are biased. They use economic downturns as an excuse not to improve salaries
Make salary reviews and human resources policies more transparent. Bring more mentoring opportunities for talented people. Create a talent pool
High turnover rate due to HR policies
Not clear career path
Has to refresh HR policies. Try to keep the key employees. Lower the turnover rate
Turkcell doesnt have experienced employees at human resources especially in recent years at software development side. One of the worst thing about their human resources is that they dont know how to reutilize software engineers according to other teams needs. So you may end up being a part of a team that you dont want to. This may hurt your career a lot and bond with company. Also they clearly have no understanding of what career path is for software engineer.
Turkcell needs to recycle its hr employees especially in software development area and try to work with professionals that know how to communicate with software engineer. And also change the way they hire engineers which they have strict path that too much potiential and good candidate being left out.
Stressful. No working life balance.
Long working hours.
Very hierarchical structure.
So much procedure that slows you down.
They need to manage more like the big tech/internet companies manage. Less hierarchical and more room for employees for creativity.
first downside is bad administrators
second dowside is fixed working hours
chech out managers
Due to its big size, there may be management issues and lack of communication between the employees and the management. Given the fact that there is an intensive competition in the market, challenging targets are set which may cause frustration.
Be more close to the employees. Give prompt responses to employees' problems. Be more open to communication and do not postpone the execution of decisions.
unsuccessful HR management, poor motivation from management
I would recommend more recognation of real work, change the HR management, especially top level. Especially staff working day and night in technical departments need more care.
not many international opportunities available
more opportunity for career growh
Too much freedom turns into chaos most of the times
There is a lot of politics in the way the ideas are selected for implementation (politics = stress)
Internal marketing is generally more important than the actual results
The powerpoint culture should be stopped. 
When reviewing something the results should come directly from the reporting systems.
There should be more clear roles & responsibilities
A lot of work to do:) Every year you must make your best but your score always B. Not B+ 
If you started to Turkcell as junior. Your salary doesn't change so much!
Give us more salary! If you started to Turkcell as junior. Your salary doesn't change so much!
Unlimited learning and growth opportunity
The company offers great benefits compared to others.
It was good job experience
Company is very large and operations are fast
Dynamic teams, learning on the go, you can take on more responsibilities to prove yourself
One day home office opportunity per week, friendly collegues, good benefits
There is no competition, so no pressure on sales teams
Qualified people.
Good working hours: 07:3016:30.
Side benefits: Smart phone once 3 years, additional bonus once a year, shopping bonus.
Very good school to learn your job. You will be hired anywhere after working here.
It's an amazing environment to work in. I think they are the best
great working environment, great company culture,
TSAG, while it was managed by Yusuf, used to be a pro on its own
Domestic & international reputation of the company
Innovative nature
Good Compensation, lovely environment, good management
sector leading, big, visioner, international, empowered by technology
Tries to develop tech in new areas, not just a telco company but a tech company.
Good benefits, above average pay.
Fully remote during Covid.
Great building in Küçükyalı.
Latest model iPhone/Android and a nice laptop is given every some years.
It is a great school to learn, responsibility from day one thing is real here.
Above you will see a big list of cons BUT still, these are mostly the problems of the country in general, Turkcell is still a great place to work (in Turkey standards sadly!)
Obviously great for career oppurtunities.
Lots of opportunities and access to any kind of market
Fun, fast environment, different projects
strong infrastructures, comfort of the working environment
1 Technology
2 Sector leader
3 Employee satisfaction
4 Salary 
5 Traning
Thats all
All pros
fringe benefits, broad opportunities and remote work
Extra benefits as compared to other firms
digital
considering his employee
Mobile work
social rights
free phone and internet
private health insurance and free transportation
Discounts for family members
Flexible working hours
open environment, nice people, technology
Turkcell have a lot of benefit which is about like private health insurance, cash bonus, conferences fee etc.
Best telco company of those times
High quality low price in turkcell
A secure place to work and good benefits.
latest flagship mobile phone and laptop computer
one time a week homeoffice before covid
you do not have any communication based bills, all taken care of
good transportation network
good health benefit at the office
taksim office has the best location
good retirement payment contribution
high profile employees
makes its employees feel valuable
Biggest Company of the tech and communication in Turkey
Good place to improve your network knowledge.
there is no any pros
Stable telecommunication infrastructure, newtech digital services.
competitive salary, benefits, personal education
Ukrainian towers / DAS service provider with more than 1100 towers and 20 DAS, providing rent and construction services for mobile operators, ISP
Best place to work for in the market
Good at Side benefits
phone and cellular
great work office and technology
new gradiation program provides to meet so many young people as you and easy to work for first year
One of the best companies to work ın turkey
Leading telecom company and have big data to improve yourself
best brand and the network in the country
remote work possible one day in a week. (it was fully remote during the pandemic)
One of the best company in Turkey
Fast paced, so much to learn both technical and nontechnical aspect.
provides wide range of career opportunities
great good better superior best employer
Customers generate lots of data for analysis, there is a room for improvement of the analytics process (automatization, etc)
Corporate network, suitable to technical improvement.
Brand Value is very powerful in Turkey.
Enjoyable and always learning new things, opportunities for working new and actual technologies
good salary, good working team
Good chance for every managers
Inovative, Employee Oriented, Flexable, Perfect Infrastructure
Excellent employee profile, generous incentives, high tech products
flexible working hours
working with multi functional teams
Biggest TELCO in Turkey. Benefits are good.
Good facilities and ok benefits
Always work with newest tech stack
Corporate profits if can be counted
You can learn new technologies in this company
People are mostly helpful, it is possible to learn and take new responsibilities.
Best teams best leads best locations
Worldwide experience in a product company, diversity of projects, people are valued
Turkcell is an international company, i have learned a lot of things at there.
Nice environment, happy coworkers, multi benefits
Good benefits, like fruit, gift, holiday
It depends but generally relaxed, professional working environment
technology is great, you can learn
comfortable, technology firm, free to use any technology
lunch, free transportation to the mosque on Fridays.
Positive People, Attractive Salary, Good place for personal growth
Lots of opportunities inside the company. Company is investing on technologies and new opputunities.
Good starting salary, Flexible working, technology oriented company
It is good place to work
flexible working hours, benefits and bonus, comfortable
salary education benefits experience wellknown
Good salaries, Good conditions (enviroment for work)
decent salary, good work life balance
Salary, bonus packages and working conditions
very good benefits
flexible working hours
Good benefits
comfortable working place
remote option
satisfying salary , incredible bonuses
working on satisfactory projects
the best local tech digital company in turkey
benefits
wellestablished company, very strong financially
Good financial status which you will feel safe.
Good work and life balance, 1 day a week home office, free sim card, phone, transport. 34 salary bonuses annually, depending on performance.
The best company in Turkey
HR Side benefits, Flexible career path
big company for Istanbul and Turkey
Nice increase in payment nice office
Used to have good quality of employees , not anymore
Good salary, benefits, healthcare and pension plan
Turkcell is the best mobile operator you can work for in Turkey. Work environment is cozy and people are nice.
Great benefits, great working environment , flexible working hours
working hours
job scope 
willing to distribute responsibility
too many good benefits we have
Resultoriented ETL and Big Data Engineer with total of 9+ years experience, plus 3 years of
Machine Learning development experience.
Stable job, good compensations, good people as colleagues.
Catches up with all techonological trends
Turkcell’s target has been to become an integrated communication and technology services player in the region, operating a converged mobile and fixed network platform and offering a wide range of innovative products and services.
Good pay, great benefits and work/life balance
some benefits are given immediately
It is a good company
Nothing expected here all bad badbess
Work life balance, Environment, Company Reputation
Nice colleagues
Good enough salary 
Lots of education programmes
Flexible working hours, home office
Great working environment. Good people.
(Fintech Service administrator ) Decent salary, home office opportunities. Maybe a good choice for max 1  1.5 years.
Open communication and good working environment
Competitive salary 
Growth mindset
Working hours
Good working enviroment, good salary
Top 5 Turkish companies to work
Lots of side benefits like healthcare, shopping tickets..
not to much work load. great beneffits
Very good to work at Turkcell.
Lots of horizontal career change opportunities, training and selfdevelopment options, leading new product challenges
home office policy per week.
I can say its the best local company at Turkey
The biggest gsm company in Turkey . They are more agile compairing the ther operators.
Nice salary comfortable work zone
Benefits are really good.
Nice HR events.
Good working environment. People are friendly.
Good reference for CV
1 day a week home office opportunity
Good peers around
work/life balance is good
benefits, you can hide yourself easily from doing work
Good working atmosphere, good friendship
Prestigious brand, well organized
It is the biggest company in Turkey and it has over the million users. Well known company and career oppurtunities are much more. Salaries are very high.
The company is the best company to work in İstanbul. Salary is not bad
Dynamic and technologydriven culture, working with experts and reputable partners teaches you a lot.
benefits, location, parties, company name
Flexible working hours and generous extra benefit
Best wages in the country, comfortable working areas and close friendships.
Opportunities to improve the future career of the employee with a lot of trainings, workshops, programs
I got positive experiences about business life.
Benefits for you and your family.
one day a week mobile work.
comfortable working place.
no hard work.
educate and improve yourself very well
good benefits, health insurance, bonus payment, good learning environment, trainings
Learn a lot, good colleagues, broad vision
Social activities, salaries above medium level.
Dont have any pros. There are a lot old hand people.
Great and amazing place to work
Good brand...Global approach...Good training opportunities
Working conditions and salaries are Good
Big company, service, good office, by the sea
Processes are defined well. Nice colleagues. Good to work in a dynamic and technological company. Proud of working in a leading mobile company.
Turkcell is a big company, there are lots of opportunities to growth in your carrier.
Good salary among other companies in Turkey.
Turnover rate is low, there are lots of experienced developers.
Very good culture 
Very good benefits
Very good team work
+Good working enviroment
+Friendly colleagues
+Relatively good salary levels
Great place to work, Homeoffice work option
too many low level managers that know nothing about your job, and they know little about your domain:) they have very little chance to find a job after this company, good luck
Challenging and a lot of options for new business growth. Spares a well amounted budget for new business.
One of the best innovative companies in Turkey
Good salary, good benefits, have 2 starbucks, have sport center and health department
different products, focus on digitalization
Shake your head get your salary.
Friendly work environment.
I worked around 6 years at Turkcell and I think it's very good atmosphere for work and good choose for improve skills
Flexible compensation package 
Working from out of office once a week
Working hours: 07:30 to 4:30
Great location in Istanbul
Great benefits, exciting projects and satisfactory package
People are friendly, 
nice environment,
supportive managers,
highly skilled people to learn from
Flexible working hours
Leading digital / technology firm in the area
Really good benefits in terms of education, social life etc
Good additional benefit
Good place to know work environment
Good place for networking 
Huge advantage for CV after getting experience in there 
A lot possibilities that don’t exist other places
great people, great flexibility, real corporate company
Ability to work from home 4 times a month
Nice working environment
Good benefits for employers
Good brand name. The best telecommunication company in Turkey.
Flexible perks, health insurance, mobile phone, shuttle, gift coupons
Attend to international conferences
Yearly bonus based on performance
Home office four days a month
Flexible working hours
Extra vacation days after three years
Birthday vacation
Gym, coiffeur, dry cleaner, an organic bazaar in office
Best Turkish technology company to work
Leading telco company in Turkey
Good salaries
Good subsidiary
Good salaries, wel fitted organisation and high tech projects
Good benefit and good place to eork
experienced team with passion to make the product perfect
highest pay in call centers
Friendly environment, salary, benefits, social environment
Education for professional and personal development
Competitive salary (on entrance)
Homeoffice one day per week
Better working hours (7.3016.30)
an innovative company that makes employees feel happy and useful
Positive attitude
Flexible benefits package 
Room for growth
Encourage to take initiatives
Training opportunities
Competent and smart people
It is a corporate company with over 10.000 employees.
Free service
Good working environment.
Very good benefits.
One of the biggest GSM operators in the world, you can learn a lot
Salary and benefits are good enough
lots of benefits in turkcll
Flexible C&B packages, great focus on employee development through innovative academic programs
Average+ salary and opportunity to improve skills
Working hours give great advantages to avoid losing time on the way home. Work and life can be balanced if you work smartly. Side benefits and working environment are great for Turkey (Flexible side benefits, gym at work, coiffeur, tailor, dry cleaner).
Turkcell was the leading operator in the region, but unfortunately due to bad management decisions, we dont get the leading operator sense anymore.
Working hours, environment, friendly people
A lot of benefits, good working conditions, smart colleagues, big company means a lot of different kind of works so that you can improve yourself
benefits, income warranty, the head office building.
Flexible work environment and modern work flow. . . . . . . . . Enjoyable activities included holidays and snacks. Fruit serving every day is cool
Amazing workplace for engineers treats all people equally.innovative and competitive for employees
Best place to work in Turkey
working environment and good friendship
To see the effects of your work in life almost immediately
Learn data analysis and use it for better quality in the network
Always be in touch with technology
Great working environment and stuff
sallary, good oppurtunity for working
Confortable, Opportunity to work in some projects.
free, flexiable office hours, you are free to persuade your managers since most of them are already empty cup, missionary company
It is a leader company in turkey, so it has much money to fullfill good ideas.
All employees got good benefits
Turkish Leader Gsm Operator, a high prestige company to work and for you business life, a good reference for you resume and your work history
Good additional benefits and bonuses in addition to your salary.
benefits, brand name, workplace in center of city
Generous TotalCompensation package, agility, many professionals working on managerial positions
Good company to start with, continuous learning and mentoring
Big intimidating brand name 
Nice office and perks
Great place to work if you are the supporter of authoritarian regime in Turkey
Facilities are great. Comfortable work environment. People are respectful to each other.
Good Reputation, Extra Benefits, Bonuses
solid company and good achievements are always rewarded
Shuttle, campus life, competitive salary, complimentary fruit and breakfast, the last tech gadgets
Bonus, flex menu benefits, lunch, service
A really good company to work for
flexible benefit pack, opportunities for engineers to learn new things and technologies
Benefits are good. Food tickets, life insurance help
Work environment
Salary
Working at home
medical insuarance for all family
second importanr service provider in country
Technology, high salary, comfortable, innovative
Salary, 4 days mobile working in a month
very good benefit packages offered.
There is hardly any work to be done
Home office 4 /month, Flexible work hours
Flexible work hours and home office once in a week
Friendly environment
Young, energetic and smart people
Growing industry
Flexible working hours. Good culture. Good people. Relaxed working environment.
Good equipments to work with
Not petty about small things ilke hotel or flight, events to make employee to feel valuable
Incredibly valuable company to have it in resume
Environment, people striving to achieve world class results in a developing country setting.
Very good chance to grow your network. Lots of carrier improvement opportunities.
It has alternative bonuses for employees
High salary compared to other telecommunications companies in country
Halfflexible work hours depending on departments, 4 days home office a month, bonuses, awayday organizations
Trainings both for career and social life
Fruits everyday :)
Free access to gym
really good location and place to work
Professional management
High income
Good working environment
Working hours, learning opportunities for different skills
Paying in time ...you can go to the Moscue anytime if you are a strong Islam, in fact it is advised to do so. Free transportation to the nearest Moscue available. You can leave any meeting or important work study without any question asked if its prayer time...
good benefits, good people, business processes work well.
The office is great, benefits, perks and compensation is not bad.
Still some great staff left from the times of previous CEO, trying to keep up the mood.
Company sends the staff to global events to follow the latest technology.
Investing in people, qualified employees
Fastpaced environment, budgets in abundance, and tech savy organization
Middle salary level, C&B package
Corporate Environment, Satisfactory Benefit Packages
Turkcell is one of the best companies in Turkey, with above average compensation and benefits, nice environment and a little flexibility for working hours
Pays well, rich resources, visionary, pioneering, high brand value.
if you want to improve your skills .
Benefit,Launch Ticket
Turkcell is well known and leader firm, it was not to hard present brand and products. The firm also has powerful and balanced management on employees. Turkcell has academy that ensure creative orientations to employees for their progressive processes. Also the firm is widen employees social life with its own sponsorships (concerts, fests, match tickets etc.) .
handsdown the best benefits you can ever ask for and quiet chill as a workplace
Good environment, dynamic, lots of extra benefits
Confortable work environment, large teams, prestigious company, good health benefits with a dietitian, nice work ethic.
Abundant ressources
Internationally well known company with many opportunities. Still number one in fringe benefits.
Prestige, career opportunities.
It helps you gain more experience
Quality of training provided, good salary
Oldies still believes this company who are working still there
Always better option than Bank ITs
Offers rich cousine for developers
flexi menu and prims, work hours are between 7.304.30 which gives you a lot of time to have a life except work
Best Telecom company in Turkey
Benefits like free mobile line&phone; discounts in lots of brands
Big scale projects
Lovely work environment
Competitive salary, strong side benefits
Great place to work, highly talented people, great benefits, flexible working, has its own academy, lots of social activities,
Not bad work conditions at all
Good salary .Good salary Good salary
Transportation, private health assurance, flexiable compensations & benefits
good benefits and salary opportunity
The development process are well defined
Adapts new techniques and project management styles
best company at that time to work for
Good environment to get experience and knowledge
Has been the market leader for so long
Established company culture
Market driven
Over average people (used to be)
Good salary, innovative company, great culture.
Tsag, benefits, high salary, new office, flex menu, good relationship, no unpolite manner, one of the largest research and development companies in Turkey,
is the biggest GSM Operator
Energetic company, stable financial status, innovative approach.
Highly quality and customer focus
Best place to work
innovative hr strategies
Good pay, telecom sector, trainings, among one of the largest companies
Good work environment, incompany training,
Learning opportunities, academy, working hours, recently minimized after hour work, cellphone (changes once in three years) friendly environment especially at IT
Rich, Innovative, Services, New, Quality
Advantageous employer benefits
Learning a lot every single day
Above Turkey average salaries. Flexible woking hours. Good location in center of the city. Nice facilities. Global business understanding.
good salary, strong background and teamwork
great working environment, friendship, experienced collegues
The reputation of Türkcell is very high and also the friendship in the sales team was one of a kind.
Highly revenue, additional benefits, various training activities,
Hi tech company with products based on the latest IT technology, very suitable for self improvement and friendly co workers.
helpful people, gentle and happy colleagues. Open minded for new ideas.
Always in learning curve. great place to work. support MBA program. You will be hired anywhere after working here.
Salary, Bonus, Benefits, Prestige, Life balance,
large scale data and environment
good friendly people
best phone and laptops.
Best benefits, good income and compensation, best work places and environments, good friendship
Good benefits package and good work environment
There is no pros for this company
Everyday new challenges
At least some incesitives
strong brand
dynamic teams 
ontherise industry
one of the most desired place to work for turkey. local optimum for telecom sector. convergence is the main topic now.
Leader GSM Operator in Turkey, Only registered company in USA Trade Market from Turkey, Has good reputation regarding HR policies
good
free environment
you can work home
work hours salary.
social environments
TSAG events that make employees feel enjoyed
Lots of experimental technologies
Good working environment
Gebze office was top notch
Innovative, agile workplace with various learning and development opportunities. One of the best company to specialise in technology. Benefit system is one of the best in Turkey with various options.
brand name
bonuses and incentives
facilities
mobile phone
laptop
mobile number, healt insuarance, transportation
A big school to progress and to learn team work
Best place to be in telecom market of Turkey
a great place to learn your job and corporate culture
good working environment and facilities
Advantageous in terms of extra benefits and compensation. Leading telecommunication company in Turkey, focusing on technology. Would be a good place to work for senior.
tehnical opornuties, business profitable, spending budgets
good and wel disciplined environment
Wages, Comfortzone, position circulation, easygoing managers
Good location, high profile of colleagues, high revenue company, no weekend shift
touch new technologies and innovations
Very satisfactory compensation and benefits
Company Brand, Reputation, Market Leader
Comfortable environment, well known brand for the region. Googd place to work in Turkey. Competitive salary offer.
innovative, cool, relaxing environment, nice colleagues, losing culture
Benefits are better when compared to others
Exciting sector, high budgets, social activity groups
Very friendly environment and culture
Very good working environment, friendly colleagues, lots of challenges to experience, open career opportunities
Great place to work, young collegues, good salary,
Democratic, diverse, engaging and fun place. Good pay, working hours are great (7:30 to 4:30) Open minded people
big company, leading telco operator with more than 50 % market share
improve skills and proven ability in identifying the opportunities
It is the leader at the telecommunications sector in Turkey, it has great opportunities to fulfill your job with the technological superiorities that the company has, working colleagues who have different characteristics and experienced knowledge.
a big family,lots of friends
Global, market leader, prestige, work life balance
it was a greate experience for your skill development.
Turkcell is the leading company in turkey about telecominication so this is a big difference for the employees for their career goal.
Active, intelligent environment
Excellent collegues
Good pay
Dynamic work
Job satisfaction
Lots of team work
best place for office, work area and collegues.
One of the best IT companies in Turkey in the Telco space. There is exposure to a wide variaty of tools and mobile technologies for employees.
Nice Food, nice chairs, nice building
Some teams follows the technology. Many of the teams don't need to work too much.
Dynamic and fast work environment. They have a very good brand image in the country. High EBITDA company that makes things easier. Geographic expansion chance was also an advantage.
Fast moving tech company, always on the winning side, most admired company for 5 years in a row..
Leading company in its sector
Above average wages
Side benefits are good
Professional, pay attention on its Employees' trainings, benefits for its employees, Innovative on latest Technologies, CustomerCentric strategy, Winrecognition for its employees,
Good salary and additional benefit. Trusted company , keep your self upto date about telco. Good place to work and there are very nice friendship.
Great place for new graduates to learn 
Open to new ideas
Sector is always changing and you can keep up with the innovations
Having the privilege of working in the leading company in Turkey
Flexible working timetable, good benefits, big opportunities
Good Benefits
Proper payment
Good experince for the CV
Big organization that provides taking participate in different departments
Great atmosphere and lots of fun projects.
As a management student, turkcell provided immense exposure and knowledge
people were eager to help and delegate  nice location  energetic office culture  nice breakfast
Turkcell is a big and good company. The processes are followed well within the company. It is a great environment if you want to improve yourself in telecommunication field.
innovative and growing business for challenger minds and employees.
solid company but not fully perfect
Good salary opportunites and benefits
One of the most well known technology firms in Turkey. The benefits for the employers are good.
one of the biggest company in turkey. 
the second biggest telecom company in europe.
corporate work flows
good salary (at the very beginning)
Friendly working environment,
high salary, good insurance, young
Relaxed, not stressed, enjoyable, young, dynamic environment, many sponsorships as company so many free tickets to concerts, performances and events, high salary in turkish standard, insurance from head to the toe,
perks
working in innovative projects
work environment
Good for a Telco career. Good for your resume. Very nice people & network. Good compensation & benefits.
Leadership, personal growth, company values, innovation, technology vision,
Managers do not behave like managers, very easy going people. Great environment to work with many facilities. You can try new technologies and use them in production.
savvy and knowledgeable colleagues , additional benefits and flexible working environment
very very very good job
Very relax working environment. Flexible working hours.
most reputable company in Turkey
Good compensation, innovative culture, well equiped working enviroments
One of the best employers in Turkey
Friendly environment
Successful business
There is a perfect office athmosphere and helpful business friends.
Professional, well established, dynamic, big, good salary
One of the best companies in corporate world, very friendly environment, supports innovation, higher salary than equivalent places, better benefits
Car money place respect big company
Culture, investment on employee, technology, benefits, quality oriented, friendly environment, free campus transportation, good place to learn new technolgies and business.
People are friendly, it is very comfortable to work there
Very organized, highly professional company. Friendly working environment, above average benefits, almost like a lab to test new technologies.
Work life balance is satisfiying
Management and HR make you feel important
Various of trainings could be taken (technical, personal development)
Office culture is a thing and HR policies are really designed to feel employee special.
Working conditions are comfortable. Salaries and side benefits are better than most of the other Turkish companies. Job stability is quite high.
Compensation and benefits are nicely placed to reduce turnover, nice working environment. You have the time and possibilities to improve your skills & knowledge.
the culture and career opportunities
Working on Turkcell is so motivated.
very big company, lots of divisions to learn and observe
Teammmates really nice and friendly. Great comfortable environment.
Dynamic, working environment is very friendly, follows the latest developments in the market. Gives you the opportunity for dealing challenging tasks, and has a good reputation among the telco market
Good friendships,good opportunities,good working hours not so much overtime.
It is relax company.
Leader in Turkey Telecommunication sector
good ,energy ,motivation and environment
Great salary, nice people to work with, great environment, good benefits & health insurance
Good culture and work environment
Benefits
Benefits, human resources applications, some of internal procedures
Good work environment, friendly people.
Good salary, improve yourself with new technologies
Best Place to Work, Good reputation, Satisfying salary
Fastpaced, dynamic, learning opportunities, wellrounded and friendly Clevel managers
Good salary, flexible working rate, good working conditions.
Work force personal quality, energetic
Turkcell is the best place learning different things from different people. As you know learning new things is the hard thing to do, so you should prepare yourself before get in...
carrier oppotinities and office atmosphere are satisfied
Easy connection between employee 
Learning creativity and innovation by your colleagues 
Having great benefits ( flex menu)
Full of energy
You dont need to work hard
Good benefits, good place to work, flexible hours, peaceful working environment (only if you have a good manager), good bonuses
competitive salary
lots of responsibility for juniors
great compensation and 
flexible work hours
opportunity to work in the leader company of the sector
visionary
work with smart people
Big, corporate, highly competitive salary
Will have good opportunities if you are at the business intelligence related departments.
Flexible environment.
Benefits
Positive environment, encouragement on creativity
Very good worklife balance, perfect working environment, very well educated managers
the best gsm operator in turkey
flexible working hours, a relax working environment
innovative, satisfactory wages & benefits
One of the best IT company in Turkey to work.
culture, company reputation, learning & development, flex benefit approach
Giant telecommunication company in eastern Europe and Middle Asia. A lot of good opportunities to get promote quickly. Working environment is very friendly.
Good carrier opportunities
Good benefits like health care
has a great benefits package
a great school to learn the systematics, dynamics and communication skills. great ooportunity to study and experience the best practices in Turkey
Resources, Employee Satisfaction, Great place to work
relax and comfortable working area , flexible working hours
Everybody's really friendly, lots of social activities, training, business trips etc. One of the best companies to work for in Turkey.
Good work and life balance with incentives. Salary is as par with the market standards. Overall, I like to work here
Biggest infrastructure
Encourge for new technologies 
A lot of experience in a short time
If you are working on one of the top notch teams inside the Turkcell you probably will have lots of different experiences based on your projects. You will dynamically shift between projects have different expriences with that you also have a lot of free and social time to communicate with your colleagues. Turkcell has great workplace and benefits for software developers to work for. You will have lots of fun time even within workplace. While working there you will probably join lots of different social activities and events. Turkcell value employees social side and try to bond communication between different teams with events.
Good experience as a key account manager.
Very satisfied additional benefits.
Most of the employees are very intelligent.
Great working environment.
first reason ishigh salary
second reason is good company principles
Dynamic, highly technological and young company always following the latest developments in the market. Offices and benefits customized according to employees' expectations. Highly competitive working environment which gives its employees the ambition to become better.
office headquarter is located in city center
leading and innovative telco company
There is great level of freedom at Turkcell. 
New ideas are appreciated
They provide competitive benefit package
Turkcell has very good reputation
I love working in Turkcell Family. Leader in telecom sector. Social. Turkcell appreciates to employees.
